On October 11th, 2007 at around 3pm, anonymous posted the following story with a picture that, when the picture details were viewed, showed that the picture had been taken moments before the post with a genuine camera:

----

This is not copy pasta. That being said, I adopted a loli. That's right. I went and adopted myself a genuine, 8-year-old girl. Now, before you say CP or POOPER, know that I do not condone those things. I'm 26 years old, and I've just always wanted to help a child who couldn't help themselves. So I had saved up a good amount of money (to buy her clothes and games and a bed, etc) and drove down to the orphanage downtown. It took a while for someone to come and talk to me, but when they did they were all smiles. They were happy to see a young, successful (I'm a financial officer for Brinks) man willing to take on the responsibility of a family at such a young age. At least, that's what I was told.

Point in case, I looked around for a while to find a child that was VERY needy. I mean, needy to the point where no one wanted to be with her. But I wanted her to be cute, /b/. I didn't want some ugly, fat child running around my condo causing all kinds of terror. I wanted to HELP a child who REALLY NEEDED IT. And then I found her. A small, quiet little girl in the back of the "play room" trying to read. I asked the CPSA why no one wanted to play with her. She told me that it was because the little girl was blind in one eye, and it had glazed over. The other children were creeped out, but I found a sort of charm in her because of that. I don't know /b/, I like people with minute disabilities. Call it a complex.

Anyway, I tapped her on the shoulder and asked her her name. She looked up at me and didn't say anything. I looked at the CPSA and began to ask "Can she speak" but the little girl tugged my sleeve and said "Isis" and smiled softly. The CPSA's mouth went wide. I asked what was wrong, and the lady told me that 'Isis' hadn't spoken to anyone for a week, since she was so sad that no one seemed to like her, yet because i approached her immediately she seemed genuinely happy. I laughed at that and bent down to Isis' height.

"How would you like to have a daddy?" I asked her. Let me tell you, the smile she gave me made the world make sense. I fell in love with this child at that very moment. I knew I had to adopt her. "How do we go about this?" I asked the CPSA. I was told that they needed to do a background check, credit check, and send someone over to my condo (among do a bunch of other things) to make certain I was fit to adopt, for obvious reasons. The CPSA asked if I wanted to see the girl's background, and look at a few more needy children. I said yes to the first question and no to the second, I had already made up my mind.

It appears as though her mother and father were alright people, i mean they never abused her, but they never paid much attention to her apparantly. her father was incarcerated for drug dealing and her mother soon afterwards gave her up for adoption because she felt as though she 1. was not a good mother and 2. didn't really want her in the first place.

so Isis was pretty much abandoned, probably because of the vision thing. It's a birth defect, by the way.

Anyway, this was all about 2 and a half weeks ago now, and little Isis is sitting in my kitchen eating cheerios and watching the DVD of Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends that I bought her. She is already calling me daddy and I love every minute of the day with her. To tell you the truth guys, maybe it's just me, but I am not looking for a relationship with a grown woman right now. I am happy being with my little girl and I think it was the best decision I have ever made.

Isis made me quit smoking because "You smell funny daddy, why?" was a weird question to answer. So she has already prolonged my life, and I bet she'll do a lot more for me as time goes by. I love my little girl, and I love /b/ for (about six months ago now) telling me that if I love children so much why don't i just adopt one. Thank you for everything /b/, you have made me a happy, happy man

PS: You can't really see her eye problem all that well because of the red-eye in the picture. It's not really all that glazed over as much as when you look at her, you get this awkward feeling that she's peering into your soul, because the eye can't focus properly

----

/b/tards were quick to both commend the OP for his righteous ways, and doubt his story because of several reasons. Many of these were refuted with proof; such as "single people cannot adopt" (which is an audacious and baseless claim), and "copypasta" (obviously not due to picture details, and no similar story was archived.)

[[Category:Stories]]
