## Santa Rape ##

HEY /b/ IT'S ME SANTA.
I'M IN SOME SERIOUS SHIT THIS TIME. I ONLY DELIVERED PRESENTS TO A FEW HOMES WHEN I CAME TO THIS QUITE COTTAGE. WHILE I FILLED THE STOCKINGS OF THE FAMILY, I NOTICED A YOUNG GIRL, NO MORE THAN TEN CERTAINLY, RUBBING THE SLEEP OUT OF HER EYES TO GET A BETTER LOOK AT ME. "SANTA?" SHE ASKED, STARTING TO SMILE. "UHH...HO HO HO! WHAT ARE YOU STILL DOING UP AT THIS HOUR?" I ASKED. I SO DESPERATELY TRIED TO IGNORE THE SWELLING OF MY RATHER BULBOUS MEMBER AT THIS POINT, BUT...SHIT /b/ SHE LOOKED SO INNOCENT AND CUTE. I HAD TO HAVE HER. I ASKED HER TO SIT ON MY LAP AND TELL ME WHAT SHE WANTED FOR CHRISTMAS. A CURIOUS GIRL, SHE IMMEDIATELY NOTICED THE GROWTH BULGING FROM MY TIGHT RED PANTS. I SAID THAT SHE COULD HAVE ANYTHING IN THE WORLD IF SHE COULD DO SANTA THIS ONE FAVOR. "JUST PLAY WITH IT.." I ASKED OF HER, RELEASING MY JOLLY MANHOOD. HER EYES WIDENED AS SHE CAUGHT SIGHT OF THIS FESTIVE COCK. HER LITTLE HANDS SET TO WORK STROKING ME OFF. "UMM...LIKE THIS SANTA?" SHE ASKED, PUZZLED AS TO WHAT SHE WAS DOING. THE SNOW WHITE PRECUM THAT HAD FORMED AT MY TIP LET HER KNOW SHE WAS DOING EVERYTHING RIGHT. BUT I COULDN'T JUST SETTLE FOR HER GENTLE TUGGING. I WANTED TO SEE JUST HOW GOOD SHE'D BE...
SHE WAS PERFECTLY OBEDIENT AND SHED HER PAJAMAS AT MY WORD. HO HO, I COULD BARELY CONTAIN MY LOAD AT THE SIGHT OF THIS PETITE ANGEL. HER LEGS WRAPPED AROUND MY PLUMP WAIST AND I SLOWLY BURIED MY THROBBING HARD-ON INSIDE OF HER TIGHT CONFINES. "OOH SANTA, IT..IT HURTS!" SHE CRIED. I EASED UP FOR HER, TAKING EVERYTHING SLOW. I MUST HAVE STRETCHED THE POOR GIRL'S WALLS SO WIDE TO BE ABLE TO FIT IN MY 10 INCH FROZEN PECKER. I POUNDED AWAY FOR WHAT FELT LIKE HOURS, BUT WERE REALLY ONLY MINUTES BEFORE COVERING HER IN SEASONAL SEED, LEAVING HER WHITER THAN THE COLDEST POINT IN THE NORTH POLE. COMING TO THE REALIZATION OF WHAT I HAD DONE, I THREW THE POOR GIRL A WII AND GOT THE FUCK OUT OF THERE. I SKIPPED OVER EVERY HOME ON THAT STREET AND GOT THE FUCK BACK TO THE NORTH POLE. IT'S ONLY A MATTER OF TIME NOW. SHE'LL TELL SOMEONE /b/ WHAT OTHER FAT, JOLLY MAN WITH A WHITE BEARD COULD HAVE DONE THIS TO HER? SHIT, I'M SO FUCKED...