<div style='width: 300px; position: relative; float: right;'>
* '''IRC'''
**irc.anonnet.org #NK http://anonym.to/?http://anonnet.org/webirc/NK
**irc.terogen.com #Korea


Visit http://888chan.org/i/res/41922.html for ongoing info.
</div>

'''''THEY HAVE A FORUM. TROLL IT TO DEATH'''''

==Details==
http://anonym.to/?http://www.korea-dpr.com/ 

A raid on Korea's DPRK website.

Why you ask? 

#Lulz. Pure unadulterd lulz. 
#You're trolling a whole fucking country. 
#North Korea is likely to make a fuss about it, and blame it on some other country. Now you're trolling two nations. 
#Nuclear War
#????? 
#Profit.

===Information===
http://anonym.to/?http://pastebay.com/11600 - Files (Inc Link.) - For BWRAEP (use [[extras_wget_raper]] - linux/mac or [[BWRaeper.NET]] - windows

http://anonym.to/?http://anonymous.pastebay.com/12923 - Octopus attacker source code. Compile under linux. Point at target. Watch it melt.

http://www.korea-dpr.com/ = 82.98.141.102 - Website / IP, You know what to do.

http://www.korea-dpr.com/cgi-bin/simpleforum.cgi?admin - Forum

http://pastebay.com/13302 - JMX for JMeter attacks. Get JMeter at http://jakarta.apache.org/site/downloads/downloads_jmeter.cgi

==IRC==

 #NK on irc://irc.anonnet.org or http://anonym.to/?http://anonnet.org/webirc/NK for newfags.

 #korea on irc://irc.terogen.com

==To Do==
Get the LOIC at the links below:
#http://wat.spacediction.pl/files/loic.zip
#http://anonym.to/http://rapidshare.com/files/221049733/LOIC_BETTER_LOL.rar
===Second Raid===
Load your cannons at: http://www.korea-dpr.com/ and fire when the counter hits zero.

Countdown: http://www.timeanddate.com/counters/customcounter.html?month=5&day=8&year=2009&hour=12am&min=00&sec=00&p0=0
#Spread the word on all the chans, boards, and everything else with this picture http://insurg.in/index.php/File:KoreanMay8.png.
#Finish this page (srsly...)


[[Category:Raids]]

Note: The server is in spain... are we sure this is their website or just some ass-hat? A: its run by a dirty Spaniard asshat who is affiliated with and works for the DPRK, his name is Alejandro Cao de Benos de Les y Pérez
WHOIS:
Current Registrar:  	 DINAHOSTING SL
IP Address: 	82.98.141.102 (ARIN & RIPE IP search)
IP Location: 	ES(SPAIN)
Record Type: 	Domain Name
Server Type: 	Apache 1
Lock Status: 	clientDeleteProhibited
Web Site Status: 	Active
DMOZ 	7 listings
Y! Directory: 	see listings
Web Site Title: 	The Official Webpage of The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK)
Secure: 	No
E-commerce: 	No
Traffic Ranking: 	3
Data as of: 	22-Apr-2008 
______________________________________________

--I'm pretty sure this is legit:  Quoted from wikipeida "The government's own sites are not in the .kp domain and all are hosted outside Korea; the korea-dpr.com address resolves to DINAHOSTING, a Spanish provider, and the IP location is Germany." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.kp#cite_note-4

==Victories==

===First Raid===
First attack was a success.  Site was down from 9:00-9:30 Korean time.  A new attack will be planned once this one clears up.  We may want to look at getting more creative this time.  DDoSs are nice, but if someone can hack into the server that would be very lulzy.  Also, look into the site's forums and what you can do there.

-Indeed, the first attack was a partial success; the site was down for while we were attacking, but back up the moment we stopped. Hell, we don't even know if somebody noticed it was gone! Better luck next time. Try to spread the word, we're gonna try again next week! Keep an eye out in the raid board on 888chan!