Scott Parsons, Also known as Angry Homo Kid (AHK)




Another prime example of why little kids should not be allowed to have an internet connection , ChristianU2uber (aka '''Scott Parsons''', aka '''Angry Homo Kid''') is a new breed of lolcow on youtube, notable for being a younger and even more fucktarded version of VenomFangX (maybe a ''slightly'' less autistic Chris-chan), as well as being Fred Phelps' wet dream.  Scott's mission on YouTube is to spread The Word of God], the music of My Chemical Romance, and general christfaggotry. Scott's rage clearly comes from being a reformed homosexual...

* 888chan thread [http://888chan.org/i/res/35080.html here]

==Faggotry==
Has released quite shitty videos on Youtube ([http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EVAIQwVvcvk], [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mAS_gDwGRlw&feature=related], [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOj7VnwBtlQ&feature=related], [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xddhKQje41M&feature=related], [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gngry3__Y5A], [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ED4DJbCDthI&feature=channel]). He pushes his aggressive Christian-Right-Wing values as truth ("now...raise your right arm...you can do that, because God gave you free will"). But, in addition to that, he is a Christfag. His parents believe he is some form of Christian prodigy, and his self-righteousness mirrors that of VenomFangX. Oh, yes, he lip-synced to My Chemical Romance, as well as saying that gays should not be married, and in the same video, claimed "I used to be gay too, now I am going through puberty and like girls. A lot."

As of 4/13/09, the accounts "ChristianUtuber", "ChristianU2uber2", "ChristianU2uber3", "ChristianU2uber4", and "simondeansmilk" were revealed to be troll accounts.  Through these accounts, certain individuals claimed to be Scott and posted fake information, such as "I used to worship the devil" and things of that nature.  However, these accounts are NOT real, and any comments posted under them are fake.  It was once thought that Scott was a troll himself, due to the nature of the comments on these accounts, but this is not the case.  The only legitimate account that we know of thus far is "ChristianU2uber".

==DOX:  TO BE CONFIRMED==

Scott Parsons
Phone Number: 817 -975 -5644 (busted)

'''Danny R Parsons'''
'''1204 Leeward Ln Wylie, TX 75098'''
'''(972) 941-6592'''

(Based on how the houses look in Google Maps, this is so far the most likely address. They're not single story, and the sloped roofs look similar to the one in his room. Still need confirmation of phone number.)

UPDATE: I recently called the number above me (Danny Parson) and had a chat with a nice woman currently living there. She told me that Scott Parsons does indeed exist, however they moved out around Valentine's Day. According to her she still gets calls asking for Dan. With this information, I wonder: just how recent are these videos? Are we aboslutely sure that these weren't created years ago, only to be reposted? What the hell are we dealing with here?


POTENTIALLY GOOD LEAD: Assuming he's in 6th grade at age 12, he either goes to Davis Intermediate School or Ab Harrison Intermediate School.

==Sauces==

*http://encyclopediadramatica.com/Angry_Homo_Kid#External_links
*http://www.youtube.com/profile?user=ChristianU2uber


NEWS ARTICLE ON HIM: http://www.worldnetdaily.com/index.php?fa=PAGE.view&pageId=94711

==Battle Plan==

=== Troll===
: (Don't expect a suicide from this one guys, he is expecting this kinda thing from us, and sense the world news is already on to us they are more likely to just change info or feed us false information)
* Call house
* Physical mail (If its from a business or a dead drop its better
* Smear around community
* Thousands upon thousands of boxes

=== Counter-Troll===
: (the White Knights have a leg up, sense they have had plenty of time and practice. Many non-white knights are expected, simply because they want to troll the trolls)
* Inform school
* Inform head of house hold
* Introduce false information


[[Category:Raids]]