Ubersite is a site on which "bored at work" type users can post stor--- You know what, fuck it. They claimed to have invented cat macros, and that's all you need to know. A righteous raping began mid-June 2007, but has calmed down since then. If the site wasn't dead before raep (spoiler: it was), then it's definitely dead now.

<pre>
*******************************************************************************
  ____ _   _    _    _   _ 
 / ___| | | |  / \  | \ | |
| |   | |_| | / _ \ |  \| |   ENTERPRISES LLC.
| |___|  _  |/ ___ \| |\  |   "i herd u liek mudkipz lol"
 \____|_| |_/_/   \_\_| \_|         -- PRESENTS --
                           
*******************************************************************************
</pre>


== FULL DISCLOSURE == 

Bart Cilfone - Thief, Charlatan, Wannabe Internet Celebrity

This document is the result of extensive research by the private infosec firm
CHAN ENTERPRISES, LLC., conducted under extensive private funding provided by
Eric Bauman and Max Goldberg and their associates.

== Abstract ==
On Cilfone's resume he claims that he is interested in "making a difference"<ref>http://cilfone.com/resume.html</ref>, touching. 
His contributions to the world include a glorified pastebin called ubersite, a
portal that could be recreated in 5 minutes with any popular web framework. 
His contributions to free software is limited to a single 1 line patch to 
slashcode<ref>http://www.slashcode.com/articles/00/03/30/2319243.shtml</ref>.

It is curious how Bart Cilfone's ratings on social networking sites suddenly slide
from "hottest" on ubersite to completely unnoticed when he hits places digg and 
slashdot <ref>http://slashdot.org/~bcilfone</ref><ref>http://reddit.com/user/bcilfone/</ref>. His comments are a testament to the fact he is really is just
another chicane throwing useless information into the tubes.

Cilfone isn't just your average, egocentric aspie -- He is an utter, complete 
charlatan; A lousy programmer. A person who demands credit and praise that simply 
is unwarranted. He attempts to be an internet celebrity, but at the same time he 
barely is keeping us interested enough to write this. But we feel it our our duty
to the interwebs. We do not forgive. We do not forget.

For a fraud, it's surprising how adamant he is about forcing himself in the public
light (bcilfone, Cilfone Entertainment, etc.). Since most of his fanbase are people
temporarily fixated to his site at the time, no one except [[4chan]] really bothered
to call the guy out for the idiot he is.



Full Name: Bart Richard Cilfone<br>
Online alias: bcilfone<br>
DOB: 10/02/1975<br>
Political Affiliation: Democrat<br>
Addresses:<br>
	2910 N HALSTED ST<br>
	CHICAGO, IL. 60657 #2 / #2910 (current residence)<br>
<br>
	Cilfone Entertainment<br>
	3023 N. Clark St. #610 (business mail)<br>
<br>
	3246 N Clifton Ave.<br>
	Chicago, Il. 60657<br>
<br>	
	N531 NEWTON AVE.<br>
	Glen Ellyn, Il. 60137<br>
	
	(Cilfone, like most pedophiles, keeps his phone numbers strictly unpublished.) 
Known relatives: <br>
	Nicholas Frank Cilfone<br>
	Michelli C Cilfone<br>
	Michelle C Cilfone<br>
	Carlene Adel Cilfone<br>
	Frank N Cilfone<br>
	Nick Cilfone<br><br>
Businesses:<br>
	Cilfone Entertainment, LLC. registered in Illinois<br><br>
Former Employers:<br>
	AOL Music Now, ScreamDesign.com, EDP Contracting Services, Lockheed Martin<br><br>
Education:<br>
	University of Illinois - Urbana Champaign<br><br>
Websites:<br>
	http://www.ubersite.com - pastebin w/ comments<br>
	http://www.boredatwork.com - digg in 1996.<br>
	http://www.interprep.com/<br>
	http://www.uber.fm/<br><br>
Myspace:<br>
	http://www.myspace.com/bcilfone<br><br>
Crimes:<br>
	80GB+ Pedophilia collection, Claiming to have invented cat macros.<br><br>

== References ==

<references/>

== Protips ==

* In case you feel like raiding, vampire raep works great since they have lots of large images to leech.
* There are several methods to find large images:
** Click on a few topics, pick a few fat images and let it rip.
** Use [[Black Widow]] to get the site's file structure and pick the largest files. 

== Websites ==

* [http://ubersite.org Main Site]
* [http://encyclopediadramatica.com/Ubersite ED article, moar background info, but outdated image list]