[http://www.truecrypt.org/ Truecrypt is free open-source disk encryption software for Windows 7/Vista/XP, Mac OS X, and Linux] it is an amazing tool for storing sensitive data (ex. banking information). Of course, it's not likely you're going to go to this length to hide scripts or a bit of porn. We all know you're looking to hide your CP you sick bastard. :3

Here's how to make a truecrypt volume (protip - keep a copy of firefox portable or opera portable inside it and your browser, including all cache and downloads, will be stored encrypted, nothing of any consequence will be insecure. Or for even more security, create a virtual machine, install your OS of choice, and save the hard drive to your encrypted volume): 

= How to hide CP =
Download truecrypt: http://www.truecrypt.org/downloads.php 

Dont bother running the install, just copy everything inside the folder "setup files" except license.txt and the user guide to a new folder - for example "tc" or something like that. 

Open truecrypt format.exe 

Select "create a hidden truecrypt volume" 

Select "create a truecrypt volume and then a hidden volume within it" 

Make sure to leave "never save history" on the next page checked, then press "select file" For ease, just go to the desktop and enter the desired filename in the filename box (use something non-obvious ie boot.log) 

click next, then next, under encryption algorithm choose AES-Twofish-Serpent or Serpent-Twofish-AES (twofish and serpent are both AES variants so in essence this is Triple-AES) Leave hash algorithm as RIPEMD-160, the others have published exploits. 

Decide on a size. I suggest 10GB - it might seem like a lot but it fills up faster than you might think. For reference: 10 gigabytes = 10240 megabytes 5 gigabytes = 5120mb 1GB = 1024mb 

Choose a secure password here. 24+ characters. If you need to write it down, don't write it down verbatim just use hints (ie 7Penis*FUCK*FUCK*FUCK = 7P*F*F*F) - destroy whatever you write it on after memorizing it. 

Click next and start waving your mouse around to speed up the random generation. It never finishes but the longer you do it the more "random" it is. When youre satisfied click format. 

Sit back and wait... 

Click open outer volume. 

Fill it with stupid stuff like mp3s, warez, etc. Don't load it up, just put in "enough". In the event that a crack is ever run against this file it should find this one first and nothing of significance will be inside. 

When you are done, close it. You should never need to open it again (you can but it's a risk of destroying valuable data). 

Click next then next again 

Choose the opposite of the first encryption algo (ie if you did S-T-AES, do AES-T-S) 

Use the maximum possible size, or if you plan on adding stuff to the other volume later, leave a bit of room. the max size is displayed underneath the selection box. 

Press next then confirm. 

Choose a LONGER, STRONGER password for this volume. This is because a brute force will, by its very nature, start guessing from simpler to more complex (shorter->longer basically) and will find the other one first if it has a shorter password. 

Press next, repeat the mouse waving procedure, and hit format. it should be almost instant this time. 

Press exit. Youre done making it. 

Now to mount the volume, open truecrypt.exe press select file and choose your file (you may want to move it to somewhere like C:\)... for my example let's say it's at C:\boot.ini Double click on the drive letter you want and enter the SECOND password you entered - the longer one. This mounts the secure volume. it should be empty. 

If it mounts successfully, volume data will show up next to that letter. Right click on it and press open. You may now transfer CP into it. 

WARNING: if you are moving stuff to this volume from an unencrypted drive, do NOT just MOVE it over. First copy it over (dragging and dropping should by default just copy, or press CTRL+C and CTRL+V on the files). Once you have COPIED everything you want over, get this program: http://www.cylog.org/utils_9.asp Open the program and drag all your old, unencrypted stuff onto the main blue window. It will begin to shred. This can take a while for a lot of stuff, but it is being overwritten and securely deleted. 

Now use your hidden volume as you wish. When you are done right click on the drive or system tray icon and press dismount. If it complains about files being in use, you can either just press yes to force dismount, or use a program like unlocker (http://ccollomb.free.fr/unlocker/) to view what might still be using it and drop all locking handles on the drive before dismounting. The most common locking application is windows explorer (thumbnailing videos and pics into those stupid thumbs.db files), which it is not a harm to interrupt and force dismount. 

You can use this volume like a regular hard drive, but anything on it will be encrypted. I have accidentally deleted stuff from it and TRIED to recover it, it is virtually impossible. 

Now...you are secured 

Also, for added security. You could use an encrypted keyfile for the hidden volume. The keyfile should be stored on a micro-SD that is hidden somewhere that isn't obvious, such as inside your speakers etc.
[[Category:Tools]]