> I really wish there was magic in the world. I would do anything for there to be magic that could make her, make everything all right again. 
> *- Nurse-Kun*

[[!img Amputee-chan.png size="200x"]]

**Nurse-kun** !!hPl7vWPKR+W is a registered male nurse who posted to 4chan when his boring everyday life in a nursing home was interrupted by the arrival of a 7-year-old girl. At first he merely thought this an interesting thing to tell Anonymous about, but they pressed him to help her out... The story starts out pretty rough, but it does become something beautiful.

During the course of this story, the magic of the story somehow enchanted the /b/tards who called themselves [[Anonymous]]. The people famous for laughing at the holocaust pressed Nurse-kun to adopt, directly made the little girl laugh (no kidding), and worked tirelessly to search for Nurse-kun when he disappeared.

His first post on 4chan's [/b/](//b/) appeared on the 17th of December, 2006, and had been updated regularly thereafter until June 2nd of 2007, when the posting stopped abruptly. 
This story, along with [[Blindmute Loli]], were considered one of 4chan's greatest, perhaps equal to that of [[Densha_Otoko]] of [[2channel]], a story which became part of popular culture in Japan.

The threads were documented in real time on [[Wikichan]], where it was dubbed "Damaged Goods". However after a server crash, all of the fanart was lost and the story was almost lost forever. Thankfully, [[Shii|Damaged_Goods#Shii]] managed to save the entire thing beforehand.

A remastering project has begun to add the replies and drama from Anonymous into the story, so it would read more like [[Densha_Otoko|Damaged_Goods#Densha_Otoko]].

## Table of Contents

[[!toc  ]]

## Chapters ##

There are 23 chapters in this story. Click the "Show Chapters" button to start reading.

> **[[!toggle id="chapters" text="Show Chapters"]]**

[[!toggleable id="chapters" text="""
### [[Chapter One - Byouin Otoko|dg-1]] ###

On December 16th, an anon posted a thread. The anon was working in a hospital with indisposed people, and there was a new patient which he had come to realize would make an interesting story for [[Anonymous]]. The girl was 6 years old, was shockingly beautiful, and had lost three limbs in a car accident. Convinced that /b/ would tell him to rape her anyway, the anon cynically posted a thread asking whether he should do so.

The thread got a lot of suitably amused posts, but just as many other anons wanted to know the details, so he began supplying them. Anonymous also gave suggestions of things he might actually do to be nice to her, but the anon explained that he had thought about this and realized that the girl would probably tell one of her several therapists. To be affectionate was to risk his job.

The thread got a lot of suitably amused posts, but just as many /b/tards wanted more than pooper joke, and attempting to convince him to show her some actual compassion. As anger arose over his controversial first post, the anon, surprised by this outpouring of sympathy from even the worst of the worst, realized he had to summon up his courage, get off of /b/, and offer the girl the human affection she needed.

And thus the anon was dubbed Nurse-kun, the girl became Amputee-chan, and the saga began.

### [[Chapter Two - Covert Ops|dg-2]] ###

Without the approval of anyone on staff or the legal team, Nurse-kun snuck into Amputee-chan's room at 1AM to present her with a teddy bear and a Christmasy chocolate orange. He instructed her to keep it secret from the rest of the nurses.
/b/ fills the thread with spam.

### [[Chapter Three - Full Disclosure|dg-3]] ###

Nurse-kun went to the hospital on his day off to discuss his plans with the other nurses, the psychiatrist, and the administrator. Everyone grudgingly approved, admonishing Nurse-kun to make sure he didn't let her down, or cause her mental instability to worsen.
/b/ complains about whether the story is real.

### [[Chapter Four - The Nightmare Before Christmas: Part 1|dg-4]] ###

Nurse-kun slipped into Amputee-chan's room at 3AM when he heard her crying. She had been having another nightmare about the car crash that killed her parents. Despite her telling him to get out, he reached over and gave her a hug. He wrote it down in the event log, nervously awaiting what would become of him the next evening.

The initial posts of sympathy and congratulations are washed out by the regular 4chan stream of piss as /b/ mercilessly parodies his posts and gets into a huge, dramatic, hour-long argument about whether Nurse-kun is a pedophile.

### [[Chapter Five - The Nightmare Before Christmas: Part 2|dg-5]] ###

Nurse-kun receives a call from Amputee-chan's room and ends up comforting her from another nightmare. The other nurses say that she appears to be doing better and cooperating. The story at this point is calming down a bit. The main complaint is that /b/ doesn't want to read daily reports, although as usual opinion is divided on this matter.

### [[Chapter Six - Elite Beat Loli|dg-6]] ###

Nurse-kun lets Amputee-chan play with his Nintendo DS. At first it doesn't look like it's going to go too well, as she used to be really good, but with her right arm missing she fails hard. Nurse-kun salvages the situation by playing left handed and demonstrating how hard he fails.
The next day he calls her social worker and makes a date to visit the storage facility where all her stuff is being kept to try to find her old DS. Chapter ends as Nurse-Kun goes off to meet the social worker and search through the stuff.

### [[Chapter Seven - Christmas Spirit|dg-7]] ###

Nurse-kun finds Amputee-chan's Nintendo DS and games in her families storage garage. He wrapped it all up and presented it to her. This is more of a brief update than a real chapter, although one wishes Nurse-kun would have supplied more details.

### The lost thread ###

This was post 17857804 on /b/. It posted on Christmas Day, when /b/ had become inundated with Christmas hats over the first picture of every thread and everyone was posting a thread to try to make funny pictures out of the hats, so the thread disappeared quickly and was not properly archived. Apparently it was just to wish his readers a merry Christmas.

### [[Chapter 7a - The End|dg-7a]] ###

*This chapter is exclusive to this wiki, pulled directly from Wikichan and not found on Shii's or ED.*

Nurse-kun returns to /b/ in sudden shock and a drunken stupor, telling a story about how the Amputan's uncaring family flipped his life upside down and took the girl with them, moving with her auntie and uncle in Bel-Air.

### [[Chapter Eight - The Return of Nurse-kun|dg-8]] ###

First real post of the new year. Nurse-kun reveals that he actually STUCK IT IN HER POOPER. He also explained, in a great and somewhat disturbing level of detail, that what he actually stuck in her pooper was a suppository (But it was totally satire. Totally).

### [[Chapter Nine - Nurse-kun Is Shit At Origami|dg-9]] ###

Nurse-kun, in a stunning display of originality, brings an origami book and paper set to work to make mutant animals out of. This goes well.

### [[Chapter Ten - Paper Hearts|dg-10]] ###

More origami, Amputee-chan admits she's been staying up late to spend more time with Nurse-kun. Get in there my son!
Also contains a short episode involving Amputee-chan and a disgruntled WWII vet. With almost father-like praise, Nurse-kun explains that this is one loli that doesn't take shit from anyone.

### [[Chapter Eleven - System Shock|dg-11]] ###

Short discussion about Amputee-chan's eventual fate, and how the system fails to work. The origin of Nurse-kun's origami idea is revealed. Filler episode.

### [[Chapter Twelve - Awakening a Sleeping Giant|dg-12]] ###

More legal bullshit, and Amputee-chan faces disgruntled WWII vet (from Chapter 10) for a 2nd time. Nurse-kun also looks for more suggestions besides origami to use with Amputee-chan.

### [[Chapter Thirteen (13.2) - Two Steps Forward... (Part 1)|dg-13]] ###

Nurse-kun made several attempts to post this, hence 13.2 title. Nurse-kun's cousin gets info from family law friend/attorney; situation looking positive. Amputan has more frequent nightmares since Old-Dude round 2. Nurse-Kun gets permission from shrink and social-worker to proceed w/ mentoring program. awaiting ok from administrator. In other news: Amputan kicks Nurse-kun's ass in Cooking Mama.

### [[Chapter Thirteen (13.3) - Two Steps Forward... (Part 2)|dg-13a]] ###

*This chapter is exclusive to this wiki, pulled directly from Wikichan and not found on Shii's or ED.*

After the initial thread disappeared while Nurse-kun was making dinner, he started a second one. Here it is. Contained within is the invitation to the 2007 Amputee-chan valentines day 4chan Valentine contest. Come up with your best valentine for the 14th's /b/ thread!

### [[Chapter Fourteen - Valentines|dg-14]] ###

Nurse-kun returns requesting appropriate valentines for Amputan. Lets hope she never learns the truth behind Waha...

### [[Chapter Fifteen - Tough as Nails|dg-15]] ###

Nurse-kun gives everyone an update and talks more about her situation, as well as the Waha flipbook. Apparently, /b/ did well with it. Oh, and she also beat the shit out of a paralyzed nine year old boy, but he OBVIOUSLY deserved it.

### [[Chapter Sixteen - Day Tripper|dg-16]] ###

Nurse-kun takes ampu-tan out on a trip with her social-worker. Visits the library, planetarium, and concert hall.

### [[Chapter Seventeen - I'm Spartacus!|dg-17]] ###

Similar to the incident in the Densha Otoko TV show, a fake Nurse-kun appears on the scene and makes such an obviously fake thread that he is forced to give up the hoax and pretend to leave forever. The thread is then trolled by other humorous Nurse-kun impostors. Hilarity ensues. 

In a surprise twist, later chapters reveal that this "fake" Nurse-Kun was actually the real one, who got pretty cheesed off.

### [[Chapter Eighteen - No, I'm Spartacus! (fake)|dg-18]] ###

A real fake Nurse-Kun (as opposed to a fake fake Nurse-Kun, which would be the same as a real Nurse-Kun) arrives and makes some stuff up. Just like the fake fake Nurse-Kun, nobody believes him.

### [[Chapter Nineteen - I Hate That Girl in Elite Beat Agents|dg-19]] ###

The real Nurse-kun returns with shocking news. Quite possibly the most epic chapter yet.

### [[Chapter Twenty - Pool's Closed|dg-20]] ###

Ampu-tan gets into a fight at the swimming pool, being challenged by an older girl with no arms. Also, V-Chan makes an appearance in the thread, as well as W.T. [[Snacks]]. Epic.

### [[Chapter Twenty-One - Duet Dans L'Eau|dg-21]] ###

Ampu-tan and Nurse-kun go to the hospital to check on an internal injury sustained from her original accident. Later, our pair is caught in the rain. You will shed mantears, this chapter's so heartwarming.

### [[Chapter Twenty-Two - Maison Encore|dg-22]] ###

Two threads in one, one of which was posted a while ago but ignored. Nurse-kun takes Ampu-tan home for some sweet sweet lov- err... soup. You heard it here first, folks.

### [[Chapter Twenty-Three - Of Pokemans and Haikus|dg-23]] ###

Four threads over the period of about three days. Lots of interesting little tidbits, as well as the possibility of the anonymous getting to play against our beloved amputee-chan. No new story per se, hence squishing four threads into one chapter.

> **[[!toggle id="chapters" text="Hide Chapters"]]**
"""]]

## Reactions ##

[[!img lolied.jpg]]

His /b/ threads have become 4chan legend.  The two or three hundred replies his posts receive fall into roughly one of seven categories:

1. I don't [[Habeeb_it]]!
2. You are a sick, [[sick fuck]].
3. Your story warms my heart because I didn't notice that you are a pedophile.
4. Your story warms my heart because I am a [[Pedophile]].
5. SAGE AND SPAM DESU AGAIN
6. ???
7. PROFIT!

## Finding Nurse-Kun

After the last chapter, Nurse-kun wasn't heard from on 4chan for well over a year, leaving many of his fans hanging and the story unfinished.

Why didn't Nurse-kun update anymore? Some say that something happened during the friend code swap, or that an anon found Nurse-kun and creeped him out. Others say that he died in a car crash. Maybe he just forgot, or had no time.

Gravely worried that he could have died or been V&, Anonymous attempted to find him anyway, and on the last [text thread](http://dis.4chan.org/read/games/1180821777/601-640) he made, they discussed to find out the truth. The results are saved in the sections below. Since 4chan text threads are never deleted, that thread spans 4 years of replies, so check it out if you're interested.

[[Shii|Damaged_Goods#Shii]] thinks he was most likely afraid of being stalked by /b/. It probably wouldn't look good on the adoption papers for him to be associated with weirdos from the Internet and pooper jokes. In terms of how notoriously creepy 4chan got later on in 2008, it was probably a good move...

> **[[!toggle id="dox" text="Show Dox"]]**

[[!toggleable id="dox" text="""

### A Challenge to Nurse-kun

On December 14, 2007, Shii received an anonymous tip from a professional statistician who was convinced Nurse-kun's story was fake. In the United States, car accidents are tabulated in a national database called the [[Fatality Analysis Reporting System|http://www-fars.nhtsa.dot.gov/Main/index.aspx]] (FARS). You can go to the FARS database yourself and query their results for 2006 and 2005. Very few children were extracted from cars. The guy claimed he couldn't find anyone matching Nurse-kun's description at all. Use the database yourself and see if you can determine Nurse-kun's home state. 

* <s>Case 28-441 in 2005 (Coil Town, Mississippi). 3 occupants, 2 deaths. 5-year-old girl extracted from car with an incapacitating injury and taken to hospital. Currently living. Crash occurred July 24, 2005.</s> Ruled out, this was a single father and two children.
* <s>Case 54-188 in 2005 (Charleston, West Virginia). 3 occupants, 2 deaths. 5-year-old girl extracted from car with an incapacitating injury and taken to hospital. Currently living. Crash occurred July 21, 2005.</s> Ruled out: 

Comment by C. Reed: (regarding case 54-188: the mother did not die) "Man and toddler die in crash; 5-year old child injured" ... Anyway, if the story was true, there would be news reports about it somewhere given that local news will report on every fatal car wreck.

And indeed, it was.

### Nurse-kun in DC

Comment by J. Stone: *I believe I have found out the location of nurse-kun and ampu-tan I am 90% sure that they are located somewhere around Washington DC.*

> For the first outing in chapter 16 they went to the Kennedy Center for Performing arts (Which in 1992 was renovated to be more handicapped accessible) The Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum I am not that sure about the library though. Next in chapter 19 for the hockey game they went to the Version center which hosts the Washington Capitols. And finally in chapter 21 when they went on their walk it was at the Tidal Basin and or West Potomac Park which as Nurse-kun stated is usually packed with people watching the cherry blossoms bloom. 

> **[[!toggle id="dox" text="Hide Dox"]]**
"""]]

## (Finally) The Ending ##

In late September of 2008 he showed up suddenly in /tg/ in a [thread about Warhammer](http://suptg.thisisnotatrueending.com/archive/2642353/#2644163), where he simply stated:

> Okay, okay, fine. Summary.
>  
>  She's doing fine, I'm doing fine, we're doing fine together, in a new place, which we're (well, I'm) renting, her education and various therapies are going quite well.
>  
>  My father died, my family and I have been dealing with it as best we can, my mom loves her, she likes my mom, and various other members of the family to varying degrees.
>  
>  I've been working part-time at a new job, and that's going pretty well. She enjoys Avatar, Dawn of War, my Muppet Show DVDs, and we play a mean dual-game of the touhous.
>  
>  Ze end. Back to discussion of OP's quandry. *- Nurse-Kun*

The link was reposted on the [[text board|http://dis.4chan.org/read/games/1180821777/744-864]] to offer some closure, and anons are still expressing their best wishes there to this day.

## Characters ##

> **[[!toggle id="characters" text="Show Characters"]]**

[[!toggleable id="characters" text="""
### Nurse-kun

[[!img nurse-kun.jpg size="300x" align=right]]

> “...I did kind of... want to help her.
> I thought about the alternative: I could, of course, do nothing.
> She would be my patient, and I would be her nurse.
> A very professional relationship, but...
> What would become of her?”
> *— Nurse-kun*

A young registered nurse, he sees life in it's worst everyday. As a professional he deals with it as it comes along, but that was before he saw her. Now with a yearning to help beyond the call of duty, he continues to provide support for a fragile life.

Obviously, he was an active user of 4chan, but not a lot is known about him since he keeps his anonymity for security and safety purposes. He does tell us that he's in his twenties and is a male registered nurse who works at a nursing home during the late shift.

### Amputee-chan ###

> I have no future. Nobody wants me anymore.
> *- Amputee-chan*

Amputee-chan is the adopted child of the anon known as Nurse-kun.
According to his story she is half-Norwegian, half-Japanese, blond, green eyed, and missing both legs above the knees due to a car crash. She is also missing her right arm below the elbow. With her immediate family dead, and her relatives leaving her for dead, she has been abandoned in a nursing home as a ward of the state.

She enjoys gaming, teddy bears, and beating up racist shitheads. Turn offs include nightmares about her dead parents, losing at DDR, and professional behavior on the part of medical professionals.

### Anonymous ###

> Adopt her?
> *- Anonymous 12/16/06(Sat)14:38:47 No.17396289*

Something was different today. For once, the /b/tards who called themselves [[Anonymous]] did not display their typical face.

While they ramble in some "colorful" discussions (In the thread right before they were dumping CP), Nurse-kun's story led Anonymous to respond with a mix array of emotive replies, sharing Nurse-kun's desire to heal. Anonymous even drew some nice pictures for Amputee-chan in an effort to make the girl happy, and for once in her life she actually laughed.

### Desu Girl ###

> Oh OP, you were always so romantic.
> *- Desu Girl 12/17/06(Sun)14:05:55 No.17445916*

An recurring character who claims to be Amputan from the year 2026, to hilarious effect. Desu Girl foreshadows Nurse-kun's change in attitude from helpless observer to benevolent father figure. Her posts were not archived on Wikichan and were only recently discovered with the original thread archives.

### Sarafan ###

A sysop of [[Wikichan]] who tirelessly archived each thread of Nurse-kun's story. Before the 4chanarchive was created, people like Sarafan were the only ones keeping records of 4chan's greatest stories and achievements.

*Also, one of his secret archives held the original html dumps of exactly what the threads looked like, along with all the fanart. We owe a lot to this /b/tard.*

### Shii ###

> I wrote the suck-ass anonymous message board software that they (4chan) still use today, despite never having taken a programming class ever.
> *- Shii*

A very significant person, engineer, and admin in Something Awful's ADTRW, world2ch, and early 4chan. He claims to have gotten 4chan's 10MGET, (hazukiget), and was a major proponent in the use of anonymous BBS systems. He sometimes posted anonymously to Nurse-kun's threads, and drew one of the fan art.

Due to the incompetence of Wikichan's admins, it's content was habitually lost every year and spammed into oblivion in the middle. Right before Wikichan went down for good, Shii saved this story to his own site. Without this guy, the story of Nurse-kun would have been damned to oblivion.

> **[[!toggle id="characters" text="Hide Characters"]]**
"""]]

## Trivia

> **[[!toggle id="trivia" text="Show Trivia"]]**

[[!toggleable id="trivia" text="""

### Misc.

* Nurse-kun probably gave the girl a [Terry's Chocolate Orange](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terry%27s_Chocolate_Orange). These are pretty god damn tasty, but as in the story, they are a rather difficult candy to open, thus why he "broke" it beforehand.
* Nurse-kun also gave the girl a small hand-sized Teddy Bear. This is a damn fine idea for a gift for a ~7 year old. 

### Loli haet pizza

[[!img lolihaetpizza.png size=200x200]]

> ...no. I don't like pizza.
> --Ampu-tan

Loli haet pizza is an ancient meme with an uncertain origin. It's likely that the original author intended to say, lol i hate pizza, but she or he forgot to press the space key, resulting in 4chan's most epic typo.

### Elfen Lied
**Nana's Everyday Life**

Elfen Lied is somewhat a harem anime crossed with guro (Grotesque or more known as Gore), which makes it appealing for some. It's mostly about a girl called Nyu/Lucy who's a mysterious and deadly breed of horned humans called diclonius. She comes to live with a guy called Kouta.

Lucy/Nyu are two separate personalities of a single girl. Lucy is a cold blooded insane killer, product of cruel experiments at the mutant research facility. Nyu on the other hand is opposite of Lucy; innocent and incapable of violence. Nyu came about after a .50 BMG round ricocheted off a metallic helmet encasing her head. When Nyu is attacked violently, she regresses to Lucy. Like wise when Lucy is treated with love and kindness, she will uncontrollably switch back to Nyu.

Nana is another diclonius who Lucy dismembered in a violent outburst at the research facility. She lost all her limbs but eventually learned to use prosthetic appendages with her telekinetic powers.

Nana's Everyday Life is a disturbing (and thus considered awesome) web comic by Dan Kim with Nana as the main character. Dan Kim have a sick sense of humour and it shows up in NEL and his other works, which endears them to the typical /b/tard since 4chan pretty much revolves around that kind of humour. Conversely Dan seems to be a bit of a /b/tard himself and /b/ memes often end up in his manga. (a certain bear, one of the mascots of /b/ even appeared in Nana's Everyday Life).

Unlike her counterpart in Elfen Lied, in NEL Nana does not learn how to use prosthetics. Readers of Nurse-kun's story were quick to point out to him some of the parallels between NEL and Damaged Goods. After reading NEL, Nurse-kun personally stated that "fictions will remain that way, if I have anything to say about it."

### Ghost in the Shell
**Motoko Kusanagi**

Nurse-kun has apparently seen this anime, and the origami crane scenes within it. This inspired him to suggest origami activities to Amputee-chan.

Motoko was nine years old when she was severely injured in a plane crash. The other survivor of the crash was a six year old boy named Hideo Kuze. As Kuze lies in his bed, he felt sorry for Motoko lying in her bed next to him in a coma. The reason for his emotion was because he know she will never recover. So with the only functional part of his body left; his left hand, he started folding paper cranes for her. According to Japanese legend if a thousand cranes are made, a wish would be granted.

To save Motoko, a procedure was carried out on her to replace her dying body with a fully cybernetic one. After recovering, Motoko returned to Kuze. Kuze asked her if it was possible to make paper crane with a cybernetic body. Motoko tried but failed as she was unable to adapt to the fine motor skills of her new prosthetic parts. She left Kuze and promised to return when she was able to fold cranes. Soon afterwards Kuze underwent the same cybernetic process.

Later in the series, taking place many years after, both Motoko and Kuze were seen on occasions to fold paper cranes single-handedly as they've grown accustomed to their new bodies.

### Densha Otoko (Train Man)

Some people have pointed out that Nurse-kun's story may well become 4chan's version of Densha Otoko. Densha Otoko was originally an ongoing story on the Japanese forum 2ch. The story goes that an otaku who with the help of other posters of 2ch managed to break out of his shell and propose to a girl after saving her from a drunk on a train. This story has gone stupidly popular in Japan, to the extent of spawning a movie, TV series, manga, novel and whatnot based on it.

While 4chan has had epic threads in it's history, none of them has come anywhere near the celebrity status of Densha Otoko. The ongoing nature of Nurse-kun's story and how anonymous was giving advice to him draw many parallels between the two stories.

Of course, the difference in the nature of the two story could probably attest to the difference in atmosphere between 2ch and 4chan. If Densha Otoko came to ask for advice on /b/ on 4chan, we would have to wonder what kind of advice he would of encountered. (Barrel rolls and S.I.I.H.P. comes to mind)

### Elite Beat Agents/Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan

Elite Beat Agents is a Nintendo DS game which Nurse-kun plays with Amputee-chan. It is an American remake of a Japanese game called Osu! Takakae! Ouendan (roughtly Go! Fight! Cheersquad.)

The main characters of Elite Beat Agents are members of a fictional government agency responsible for helping those in need. When someone facing a crisis reaches the end of their rope and cries out for help, the agents arrive on the scene to help them succeed. Through the dancing of the agents, the people they came to help are instilled with motivation that helps them overcome various obstacles. Ouendan is similar in this aspect but where they differ is that Ouendan are an all male cheering squad (in which Japanese schools actually support) that come to the aid and commence their manly cheering.

The Christmas stage in EBA which Nurse-kun was worried about, is about the agents assisting a young girl in reuniting with the spirit of her deceased father. Since it was around Christmas when Amputee-chan was playing EBA, and her parents died recently in a car crash, one could understand why this stage might be a bit too close to home.

At the planetarian, I mean, planetarium, the song that Nurse-kun and Amputee-chan laugh at and sing together is called "Jumpin' Jack Flash" by The Rolling Stones. It is the song for stage 26 of EBA.

### Waha

Waha is a chibi version of Yamato Suzuran from the visual novel, Suigetsu Mayoi Gokoro. The chibi Waha is a creation of 2channers. Waha is much loved both at 2chan and at 4chan for... actually we don't know why we like her, she's just lovable without a need of any explanation. There's a well known dancing Waha animated GIF that Nurse-kun apparently made into a flip book and gave to Amputee-chan for Valentines.

Nurse-kun does feel some apprehension when giving Amputan a picture of Waha, as she was developed from a character in an H-game. Hopefully, she'll never know.

### Katawa Shoujo

Around the same time that this story was concieved, a bunch of people from 4chan came together to make the first major English-language visual novel doujin: Katawa Shoujo. The cast is entirely made out of girls with disabilities, and became quite popular in the three years before it's first full release in 2012.

The visual novel is [available for free download](http://katawa-shoujo.com/) at their site.

[Leigh Alexander of Kotaku](http://kotaku.com/katawa-shoujo/) hints that 4chan's love of "Damaged Goods" (girls with disabilities) began not as another creepy fetish, but as a wave of empathy that anons felt after reading Nurse-kun's story.

> **[[!toggle id="trivia" text="Hide Trivia"]]**
"""]]

## Fanart and other stuff

<s>(there was a lot of cool pictures that Anonymous drew, but the majority were lost when Wikichan went down. A few were saved by [[Shii]] and [[Encyclopedia_Dramatica]], but half of that was lost when Encyclopedia Dramatica itself was deleted.)</s>

All pictures have now been discovered in their original resolution from Sarafan's archive, and will be posted as time permits.

* [Scarred](http://abstractnonsense.info/scarred/index.html) A Visual Novella Based On "Damaged Goods"

## Thread Archives ##

These are direct html files of the original threads as they looked like on 4chan, as posted to [[Wikichan]]. All of these would have been lost due to Rapidshare's deletion policy, if not for a previously undiscovered upload that [[Sarafan|Damaged_Goods#Sarafan]] made. We used these to add Anonymous's replies to Nurse-kun threads, as the ones on Wikichan and Shii's site only contained the story.

* [Everything, including fanart threads](http://web.archive.org/web/20071117085619/http://www.megaupload.com/?d=14WN2BDI)

## Sources

* [Nurse-kun](http://shii.org/knows/Nurse-kun) on [Shii](/Shii)'s wiki