'''XAT-004 KERYKEION MARK III'''

The prototype AT developed on the moon, the Kerykeion Mark III is the potential salvation of mankind.  It is the first AT to possess a Baryonic Drive, a newly-developed baryofission reactor that frees it from the energy constraints of batteries and gives it power enough to combat the strongest XMs.  This same drive, however, is a weakness in its early appearances, as the drive's byproducts saturate the frame and exit from the joints, releasing a blue-white mist that puts enormous strain on the frame after a certain period of combat operation.  This is eventually countered with a specialized vent on the right arm specifically designed to channel and release this mist, relieving the frame.

''General Specifications''

*All-range combat unit, with specialty depending on equipment.
*Baryonic Drive grants a trans-finite power supply, allowing unlimited combat operation as long as the pilot does not expend too much energy at once.
*Stands 18 meters at attention.
*Capable of jumping up to 300 meters, and able to hover at that height with the aid of a thruster pack.  Thrust is provided via verniers located in each foot, elbow, and on the back.
*One pilot seated in cockpit in upper chest.

''Weapons''

*Four beam submachine guns mounted two on each wrist.  With the energy restrictions of batteries lifted, the beams possess far greater penetrative power and range.
**With completed equipment, mounts eight.
*Stopgap equipment includes a Buster Sword mounted on right shoulder, serving as a boson sink as well as a potent melee weapon, in addition to two high-power rifles.
*Completed equipment includes a non-folding armblade mounted on right arm, providing a vent for bosons and strengthened close-range combat capabilities as well as four additional beam submachine guns.

''Armor''

*2-inch Titanitefloalloy armor plating, good for protection against all degrees of small-arms fire and most solid-state ammunition.

{{CheckmateWarZugzwang}}

[[Category:Project SRW/m/]]