'''XM-003 KON'''

An aerial XM formed from the pupa stage of the Peska, where the creature gains flight and its energy manipulation abilities begin to develop.  The result is that even in this form, an XM is dangerous, especially with the additional weapons which supplement it as a Kon.  A Peska becomes a Kon after roughly a year to mature, meaning they are the second most common type of XM.

One Kon of note was piloted by [[Kareita Afrit]], serving as her default unit.  Like all XMs of its class, it was destroyed near the war's climax.

''General Specifications''

*All-purpose aerial fighter, with ability to serve as a bomber with additional equipment.
*While the alien is effectively immortal and generates all power for its weaponry itself, the armor controlling it is powered by fuel cells which provide it with an operating time of eight hours - after this, the armor is designed to automatically lock down to prevent the alien from going berserk.  A Kon that locks down in midair will gradually drift to the ground.
*Measures 20 meters long, 12 wide, and 6 high.
*Top speed of Mach 2, with thrust provided by the alien.
*One pilot seated in cockpit in back of nose, wired into the pupa.

''Weapons''

*One combination beam saber/rifle forming the nose, capable of functioning as a high-caliber beam rifle at range or a serrated energy blade for use as an impact weapon.  The energy-based blade provides it with superior cutting power over a physical blade, but makes it vulnerable to blocking with energy shielding.  Relative to the Peska's, the Kon's saber is enormous, over three times as long.
*Two railguns mounted on either side pod, firing magnetically-propelled rails which have incredible penetrating power and long range.
*Two beam gatling guns mounted next to the railguns, which draw portions of the alien's energy to fire shots akin to the beam submachineguns mounted on most ATs.

''Armor''

*High-density organic compound providing strong protection against most forms of attack.  External armor is 3-inch Titanitefloalloy, though designed primarily as a restraining device rather than for protection.

{{CheckmateWarZugzwang}}

[[Category:Project SRW/m/]]