[http://PAQ.CC PAQ.CC] (pacifice ad quadrivium campeador canto) is the fulfillment of Project Salvation. It can be found at paq.cc, but unless you have been given an invitation code, you cannot access the boards. - waitwaitwait, invitation code? Why does this sound like a bad idea (says the faggot without one).

== Cancers that Project Salvation cured ==
*Admins not giving a flying fuck.
*Newfags.
*Gaiafags.
*Posters who DONT post anonymously.
*Forced memes (seriously, row row fight the powah is not funny, its really gay.)
*Anontalk Spam (fuck them)
*DESU DESU DESU DE-FUCKING-SU THATS POSTED IN EVERY GODAMN THREAD.
*Other cancer causing sources

== The Final solution ==
In order to quell the legions of faggots, the new *chan will have a login system. After the first week/month the boards open "registration" will be closed and the only way to create a new login will be by invitation codes other users can provide.

This "login" system will allow for more permanent bans and warnings(3 strikes your fucking out), because if you are banned it will be very hard to create a new "login". If a user is banned, then the person who invited them will be warned and will not be able to create invitation codes.

Creating an account will only require a invitation code, no email (unless provided for password recovery). A random numerical login id(username) will be generated, and the password will be by user choice. Posting on the imageboard will not reveal a users ID, though tripcodes may be used.

== Rules ==

*1. No faggotry.
*2. No Cancer spreading.
*3. Nothing illegal(no CP faggot)

== Organization ==
*Administrator
*Moderator
*Janitor
*User (can easily report thread)
==boards==

*/b/ Random
*/i/ invasion
*/fur/ <- You're not fucking serious, are you?   ''Yes, they did it to keep the furfags out of /b/''

== Why the fuck is this different from all other *chans ==

*Small amount of cancer, daily chemotherapy.
*Anonymous(LOL) login system
*Invitation only
*User moderation(maybe)
*with lower amounts or posts, saging a thread will actualy have an effect