'''Male General''' is the child of [[CHANSLUTS]]. It was created on 2008/08/12 due to a huge demand from male posters to have a place to upload their images. It all started with a board on CHANSLUTS, which grew to immense size and spawned Male General. This set of [[imageboards]] is meant for male [[camwhores]] and male pornography.

== List of Current Imageboards ==
=== Camwhores ===
'''Camwhores''' is for pictures of attractive men, excluding pictures that prominently feature their feet and pictures depicting fetish activity (piss, shit, furry, etc etc) arranged in ONE-CAMWHORE-PER-THREAD threads. Pictures of attractive male camwhores in front of bookshelves are fine (boring, if that's all they ever post especially if they're more than fully dressed in all of the pictures, but fine). Pictures of said bookshelf without the MALE, NON-TRAP, NON-CROSSDRESSING, NON-TRANNY camwhore are not fine. Pictures totally unrelated to the camwhore, ie, pictures of celebrities, image macros, PICTURES THAT ARE NOT OF THE FUCKING MALE, NON-TRAP, NON-CROSSDRESSING CAMWHORE etc are not permitted. Also cross dressing, trap or trans related posts are meant for [[TranCHAN]].
* [http://fuxx.us/mgcamwhores Camwhores board]

=== Camwhore Video Share ===
'''Camwhore Video Share''' is a not very well used imageboard dedicated to sharing videos of camwhores.
* [http://fuxx.us/camwhorevideoshare Camwhore Video Share board]

=== Ugly Camwhores ===
'''Ugly Camwhores''' is for unattractive self-posting camwhores. The same rules as from /mg/ apply, except any motherfuckers can post in here no matter how hideous they may be.
* [http://fuxx.us/uglycamwhores Ugly Camwhores board]

=== Fetish ===
'''Fetish''' is for male fetish images unrelated to cross dressing, trapping and trans activities, as those things belong at [[TranCHAN]].
* [http://fuxx.us/fetish Fetish board]

=== High Resolution ===
'''High Resolution''' is an imageboard for pictures (of men) that contain a minimum of 1.5 million pixels.
* [http://fuxx.us/highres High Resolution board]

=== Manporn ===
'''Manporn''' is for porn and requests for porn. Camwhores who wish to post nothing but shots of their cocks may post in here as well.
* [http://fuxx.us/manporn Manporn board]

=== Unrelated Faggotry ===
'''Unrelated Faggotry''' is the [[Random]] board for Male General. It is basically a free-for-all shitshow where anything not covered above goes as long as it's legal.
* [http://fuxx.us/fag Unrelated Faggotry (Random) board]

== List of Closed Imageboards ==
=== Footfags ===
Imageboard for foot fetishists. This was merged into a general fetish board.

== /mg/ whorrent ==
The Male General video torrent is currently 86GB.
:* ''See: [[whorrent]]''

== Related articles ==
* [[CHANCHAN]]
* [[CHANSLUTS]]
* [[TranCHAN]]
* [[whorrent]]

== External links ==
* [http://www.malegeneral.com Male General front page]

[[Category:Camwhores]][[Category:LURKMORE]][[Category:Sites]]