**The Uncultured Anonymous** is another book similar to [[The_Return_of_the_Well Cultured_Anonymous]]; it is still written by fellow [[Anonymous]], but deals in the ways that are considered "bad" or "undesired" within today's society. In other words, this is the complete opposite of the other book. This guide is set forth to teach you about all the things christfags get their panties into a twist about and to arm the next generation of anons with the cruel wisdom of their elders. Here, anons will help you on your way to becoming a legionaire while lying, cheating, stealing, smashing and laughing in the most evil and anonymous way conceivable.

There's plenty to edit and even more to add. 

## DISCLAIMER

WARNING: Some chapters in this document describe activities that are by their very nature, illegal. Anything written here is for amusement and educational purposes **ONLY**. Anything you do with the information stored herein is on **YOU**. We, the writers and editors of The Uncultured Anonymous, do not support any illegal activity described here. This means no pleading "Wikichan made me do it!" in court, mmmkay?

## Contents

### Legionnaire Work 

*It's probably best to move this to the Newfag's guide.*

* [[How_to_behave]]
* [[Raiding|Raiding_old]] - NOTE: This guide is way out of date.
* [[Calling for a Raid]]
* [[Covering_Your_Tracks]]
* [[Legion_Etiquette]] 

### General Know-How:

* [[Stalking]]
* [[Being_a_Dick]]
* [[Insults]]
* [[Fursecuting]]
* [[Laying_Low]]

### Offense and Defense:

* [[Firearms]]
* [[Knives]]

### Getting Dirty:

*Involves a variety of physical contact.*

* [[Fighting]]
* [[Murder]]
* [[Masturbation]]
* [[Getting_with_Lolis]]
* [[Rape]]

### Deceit:

* [[Fraud]]
* [[Lying]]

### Making Money:
 
* [[Blackmail]]
* [[Nigerian_Internet_Scams]]
* [[Stealing]]
* [[Credit_Cards]]
* [[Dealing_Drugs]]
* [[Breaking_and_Entering]]
* [[Contract_Killing]]

### Drugs:

[[!img dudewhat.jpg size=300x]]

### About The Book:

# [[Authors_of_the_Uncultured_Anonymous]]

## Sources

* [Wikichan on the Internet Archive](http://web.archive.org/web/20080422011256/http://www.wikichan.org/index.php/The_Uncultured_Anonymous)