{{lowercase}}
[[moot]], the owner of [[4chan]]. He claims that he is a 16 year old, which would make him too young to be viewing the porn that is often posted. moot loves all furries with great passion, a passion surpassed only by his love of the lolis and weird jokes. 

=== mootxico ===
Frequent jokes, especially when donation drives (see "DONATE OR DIE 2005") are active, have been made about moot taking all the money for himself and fleeing to Mexico. As a result, Mexico is now known as mootxico.

=== How can you bitch about something you can't see? ===
moot's words when he made [[/b/]]'s images and text invisible for the day.

== The mooty Trinity ==
He is represented in 3 forms:

* "Real moot", or what moot actually looks like
* "Meximoot", a black haired bespectacled man whose photographs moot used famously on the front page in news updates
* "m<3<3t", an anime girl in a pink t-shirt who wears a cat mask.

Real Moot was first seen at the 4chan Otakon Panel in 2005. His relatively non-nerd appearance surprised and confused [[4chan]]ners, some even thinking it was a hoax.

Real Moot's identity was revealed by The Wall Street Journal in a July 9, 2008 article to be Christopher Poole, and was confirmed to be so later in 2010 by numerous other articles from different sources, most notably CNN.

== Trivia ==
* is a [[drama|furfag]]
* MOOT FORGETS WHERE WE ARE DINING TONIGHT!
* acknowledged failing [[/b/]]
* doesn't know shit about how /b/ works
* loves Metal Gear Solid

[[Category:4chan]][[Category:Memes and Terms]]