A legendary post on [[/b/]] that appeared on the night of December 23rd, authored by a user named EurobeatJester. The text was a parody of the well known poem "The Night Before Christmas," instead filled with references to [[4chan]].
The thread was posted again on [[/b/]] twice on Christmas Eve, the second time by the original author again. It quickly was elevated to the status of copypasta.
<hr />
Twas the night before Christmas, and all throughout /b/,

Every /b/tard was fapping, and that includes me.


The [[PENIS]] was out, proudly stiff in the air

in hopes of a post that would please [[Pedobear]]


The [[/b/]]tards all staring in front of the screen

Catching unearthly visions, all mainly unseen

Except for the [[pasta]] that flooded the board

Christmas was coming to 4chan.org


With a [[stickam]] whore wearing a red santa cap

and every guy screaming that it was a [[trap]]

Crashing the server while trying to [[GET]]

All normal things for this part of the net


When up on the roof, a noise that perplexed

I shot off my load in startled reflex

Away from the desktop, I flew in a flash

Wondering what the hell caused the crash


When, what to my wondering eyes did I see

A man black as night, above all thhe trees

Pulled by a horde of [[memes]], well because,

I figured at once that it was [[Nigra]] Claus.


Faster than a [[rapidshare]] download they came

And his voiced boomed aloud, calling all of their names.


"Now [[Zimmer]], Now [[Cracky]], now [[Mongler]] and [[Desu]]!

On [[Delay]], on [[Picard]], on [[Gendo]], and Deku!

To the top of the [[board]], where the sticky pin lies!"

Needless to say, I was very suprised.


He landed upon the grass of the lawn

and walked towards the house, as bright as the dawn

The source of the glowing was no magic spell

"[[SHOOP DA WHOOP|IMMA CHARGIN' MAH LAZER!]]" the red-lipped one yelled.


The front door exploded, all shattered to splinters

I realized I just took a shit in my knickers

They poured in the room, with quite a large ruckus

"Candlejack?" I exclaimed. "What the fuck is-"


The words were unable to flow from my voice

Little did I realize that I had no choice

to sit and endure the riotous mass

With cum on my stomach and shit on my ass.


Saint Nigra stepped forth, and wrinkling his nose

took a look at the room, and shouted "[[POOL'S CLOSED]]

Don't go in the water, it's full of stingrays

and plagued with a virus that's known as the [[AIDS]]."


[[George Zimmer]] stood next, and reached into his frock-

"IT NEEDS TO BE HUEG TO MAKE ROOM FOR MY COCK"

Pulled out some new pants, for my own I had shit

"FROM THE MEN'S WAREHOUSE, BITCH, I GUARANTEE IT."


He stepped back, and a doll took his place

while two orbs of color shined out from her face

Her features contorted like an old anguished jew

"Desu desu desu, desu desu desu desu."


[[Cockmongler]] ran up and grabbed hold of my dick

And then took off his shirt, I thought I'd be sick

He put the rag on me, as I stood there perplexed

now adorned by the image of a bright green T-Rex


[[Picard]] flipped me off at warp factor "fuck you"

while [[Cracky-chan]] smiled, her teeth all askew

"Who are you," I asked, "Why are you in this region?"

"We are [[anonymous]]," they said. "Anonymous is legion."


As quick as the flash, they all left the scene

With plenty of shouting and phrases obscene

They swarmed a female who was blocking their route

and all screamed at once "[[TITS OR GTFO]]"


[[Mongler]] suggested "Stick it in her pooper!"

The raeping commenced so fast it was blurred

They turned then to me, and shouted quite clear

"Merry Christmas to [[/b/]], we'll raep you next year!"


[[Category:Copypasta]]