Chapter One
1:1 A long long time ago 
I can still remember how 
the Jailbait used to make me smile. 
1:2 And I knew if we had done well, 
Those furfags would have yiffed in hell, 
And there'd be no more newfags for awhile... 
1:3 But Gaia faggots made me shiver, 
with every /r/equest I delivered. 
Bad news on the front page; 
I barely held in my nerd rage. 
1:4 I can't remember if I cried 
when I saw the stickies far and wide, 
but someone called the F.B.I., 
the day that 4chan died. 
1:5 So.. 
Bye bye, to the NIGGERTITS site 
Where I'd linger with a finger always over F5 
Some good old lulz were had on that aging *chan 
Posting "This'll be the day we get banned, 
this'll be the day we get banned." 
1:6 Now did you write the rules of /b/, 
and were we like Fight Club secretly? 
It was better then, if you ask me... 
1:7 Now do you believe in a fucking cat? 
Can Raptors save your mortal ass? 
And can you teach me how to "GET" reeeal faaast? 
1:8 Well I know that Tom Green rued the day when we 
called his hotline to make him say 
"Do a barrel roll!" 
Man, I dig those crazy trolls! 
1:9 I was a lonely teenage hate machine 
with a new computer and an old routine, 
but I knew someone would intervene 
the day that NIGGERTITS died. 
1:10 And we we posting, "Bye bye, to the NIGGERTITS site 
Where I'd linger with a finger always over F5" 
Some good old lulz were had on that aging *chan 
Posting "This'll be the day we get banned, 
this'll be the day we get banned." 
1:11 And there we were all on the *chan 
With Gaston groupies and Desu spam 
With no time left to start again. 
1:12 So come on, post some CP, post some tits, 
Post a picture of your 2-inch dick, 
Because in the pooper is where they stick. 
1:13 And as Moot posted "No more Grey" 
The mods were banning night and day 
No /b/rother born to lurk 
Could stand that circle jerk! 
1:14 The flamewars mounted left and right, 
From mods who'd gotten too uptight, 
I saw Bob Ross laughing in delight, 
The day that FAILchan died 
1:15 And he was singing, "Bye bye, to the NIGGERTITS site 
Where I'd linger with a finger always over F5" 
Some good old lulz were made on that aging *chan 
Posting "This'll be the day we get banned, 
This'll be the day we get banned." 
1:16 I found a site that didn't lose, 
So I asked them for some happy news, 
But they just told me to lurk some moar. 
1:17 I bookmarked this new "7chan"- 
Where the mods were cool and they didn't ban, 
Just for posting contraband. 
1:18 And back at '4, the lolis screamed, 
The oldfags left and the newfags beamed, 
But no anon was jokin'. 
The combos all were broken. 
1:19 And the three mods most requiring hax, 
The Ian, the Moot and the holy Snacks- 
They drove to Mexico and laughed, 
The day that FAILchan died. 
1:20 And we were posting... 
Bye bye, to the NIGGERTITS site, 
Where I'd linger with a finger always over F5 
Some good old lulz were had on that aging *chan 
Posting "This'll be the day we're all banned, 
this'll be the day we're all banned." 
1:21 And we were posting... 
Bye bye, to the NIGGERTITS site, 
Where I'd linger with a finger always over F5 
Some good old lulz were made on that aging *chan 
Posting "This'll be the day we get banned."

