'''4chan City''' is a series of [[flash]] videos made by [[4chan]]'s /f/ board, which depicts actual events in [[4chan]] history, if the world was 4chan. Below are spoilers, and this anon highly recommends just watching the flashes.

It's based on the [[Nightmare City]] flash videos, which was made by 2channel.

==4chan City==
This first flash consists of a fight between [[W.T. Snacks]] and [[Moot]], and recreates the idea that many 4channers got when Moot mentioned that he was on vacation in Mexico, and paid for it with 4chan donations. We find Moot trying to leave the sprawling city of 4chan, populated with [[meme]]s, escaping to [[mootxico]] with the money and the mascot, [[Yotsuba]]. W.T. Snacks attempts to stop him, and it ultimately ends in a vicious battle between Moot and Snacks. Snacks is defeated in the end, but Yotsuba turns on him, and stays. He jumps for mootxico, but burns for some reason...

* [[4chan_City.swf]]

==4chan City Craptastrophe==
After a period of time, moot returns to 4chan city, only to see it overrun by [[Suit Nigra|suit nigras]], controlled by [[Suiseiseki]]. Memes try to battle the craptastrophe, W.T. becomes possessed by Suiseiseki, and there are just too many damned [[nigra]]s. Moot and Yotsuba try to save the city, by creating [[Gaston]], but he was no match for Snacks. Moot then attacks him, but soon Snacks himself is killed by Suiseiseki. Luckily, Moot gets W.T.'s [[Aids | aids]], and becomes powerful enough to destroy Suiseiseki. After a heated battle, she is slain, and [[Raptor Jesus]] comes to tell Moot about the upcoming catastrophe.

==External Links==
*[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ar4WzQ7KHak 4chan City on YouTube]
*[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYxlSDJZbn0&NR=1 4chan City Craptastrophe]