{{Information/Lulz Alert}}
{{Information/Media}}

A '''feminazi''' or '''FemNazi''' is a radical feminist (referred to by their own kind as RadFems) that essentially believes the world (America) is controlled by a "patriarchy". This vague, illusive power structure is basically comprised of all men with any degree of power. They also believe this patriarchy has carefully engineered society to keep "womyn" oppressed, raped, and cooking in the kitchen. We all know deep down that this is best.

They also believe that, from birth, every man is predestined to become a misogynistic rapist. Any feminazi who becomes pregnant with a boy either aborts him or raises him to be gay. Male children caught in the clutches of a feminazi are routinely forced to recite feminist literature and play "spot the misogyny" with every TV show, movie, or book they see. 

=The First Feminazi War=

Anonymous first engaged the feminazis in glorious battle when a post made by BitingBeaver circa July 2007 gained wide notoriety across the internets. When her son Brandon hit puberty, BitingBeaver was disgusted to discover that a lifetime of feminist indoctrination was no match for his libido, as Brandon had no qualms about looking for porn online. BitingBeaver claims that Brandon was the product of marital rape and expressed regrets that she didn't abort him. This angered Anonymous to no end.

Several feminazis were the target of Anonymous during the First Feminazi War. BitingBeaver was the primary target. She has since disappeared from the internets following attempts by Anonymous to find Brandon and free him from her clutches. Heart was another such target. As one of BitingBeaver's closest feminazi e-friends, she incurred the wrath of Legion. Although open to registration, the [http://anonym.to/http://www.womensspace.org/cgi-bin/dcboard.cgi forum she runs] remains in shambles. However, Heart [http://anonym.to/http://womensspace.wordpress.com/ is still blogging] and [http://anonym.to/http://www.freesoil.org/ running for president]. Other minor targets were attacked, producing much lulz and sending butthurt feminazis flying in every direction.

In retrospect, the first feminazi war ended in only a minor victory. The feminazis were trolled hard and raeped full force in ass, mouth and vagoo. Some of their infrastructure remains damaged to this day. However, largely due to boredom, Anonymous failed to contact Brandon and rescue him from his plight. No one knows exactly what has become of /b/rother /b/randon. He remains a mythical figure, representing the struggle of every /b/tard and /i/nsurgent against AIDS, fail and faggotry.

Although the sheer amount of manpower required to initiate a new full-scale war against the feminazis has not been available since the First Feminazi War, small skirmishes continue to erupt in defiance of their continued presence on the internets. 

=Resources and Current Events=
* The most recent skirmish against the feminazis involved the Girl-Mom forums, and is ongoing.
* A proposal to instigate the next feminazi war, one which has sadly received little attention: Feminaziparty07

=Websites=
* [http://anonym.to/http://antimisandry.com/ Antimisandry.com] is a site against hatred of men, and will often contain references to femnazis and their sites/blogs. Perfect for picking a new target. The site seems to be having difficulty, but here's one of their blogs to tide you over 'til it's up and running again:
* [http://anonym.to/http://blog.antimisandry.com/feministscum/ Feminist Scum], title pretty much says it all. (is down)
* [http://anonym.to/http://bitingbeaver.blogspot.com/ Den of the Biting Beaver], a woman who's been raped so many times that she wishes she had aborted her son rather than let loose a potential rapist. True story. The blog is invite-only now, but you can Google about for her, she's pretty infamous. She's been raid raped so hard that she might have lost her lulz potential by now, but still an excellent specimen of femnazi to observe.
* [http://anonym.to/http://womensspace.wordpress.com/ Women's Space], An ally of Biting Beaver and main target of the feminazi raids. She is running for president and plans to introduce a Man Tax. See her ED Article for more details.
* [http://anonym.to/http://savebrandon.wordpress.com/ Save Brandon] Anonymous' message to Brandon, the son of BitingBeaver.
* [http://anonym.to/http://www.girl-mom.com/forum/ Girl-Mom] There is something wrong with these people. Something mentally wrong... (is down)
* [http://anonym.to/http://ihatemen.org/ I Hate Men dot Org] Yet another bitch that has wandered from the safety of the kitchen.
* [http://anonym.to/http://www.feministing.com/ Feministing.com] Did somebody say fisting?
* [http://anonym.to/http://www.advancewomen.org/act/womens_election_central/ Poll raep raid] I led an epic raid on the poll "Is America ready to have a woman president? Started at 123-35, 128-204 when my thread was 404ed. I also have pics an archive.

[[Category: Enemies]]