
== The Ultimate Truth ==

Before talking about religion, the validity of Christianity must first be talked about. The bullshit spewed from religions such as atheism and Islam may confuse the weak-minded into believing in it. Those were all created by governments/ corporations trying to gain control of the idiots of society - Christianity is the only Truth. It has already been proven that:
- Noah's Ark has been found.
- No one but some powerful entity could have preformed all those miracles in biblical times.
- No other religion makes sense (i.e. Atheism believes some THEORY of evolution is true, Islam believes cows are Gods - stupid shit like that).
- The place where Jesus has rose from the dead has been found with an imprint of his face on the cloth.

Any attempt to convert you to some other belief system is a trick from the devil - don't fall for it!

----


== The ''other'' religions ==
'''Islam''' is about some sandniggers blowing up everyone they don't like and beating their wives. Of course the wives probably deserved the beating, they push it a little too far (i.e. smacking them across the face is fine, mutilating genitals is not). They believe that Christ wasn't the son of God, even though he said he was and preformed all those miracles (they're pretty fucking stupid).

'''Atheism''' is the religion that sinners go to. They believe in no god so they can pretend like there are no consequences to their filthy sins (thats why they are most of the bad people in society). All evidence leads us to Christianity but they refuse to believe it because they are closed-minded. For example they base their religion off the THEORY (yeah, a guess) of Evolution - even though most educated people agree with Creationism (Early Earth Creationism being proven more and more each day).

--[[User:Stares|Stares]] 16:26, 17 April 2011 (EDT)