<noinclude>{{Kopipe category|Corea|Bring a box of Domes}}</noinclude>

== Corean history ==
1592 - Yamoto (formerly Jipang or Japon) invades Korea in what will go down in history as the Imjin War. In the six years following the outbreak of the hostilities the Korean army, of which Admiral Yi Sun-sin was arguably its most prominent commander and tactician, skillfully manages to bring the war back to the attacker's home on its own hook. At the daybreak of December 16, 1598, after a two months long siege, the town of Osaka is levelled by an unreported amount of batteries consisting of bombards mounted on cast-iron hwachas, thus marking the end of the conflict and ushering in the cession of southernmost Yamoto to Korea as its first overseas toehold.

1810 - After almost two centuries of weak but persistent border clashes with rogue peasant armies following the rout of Manchuria in 1636, Korea formally occupies Inner Manchuria and annexes it. In order not to upset the brittle policy of appeasement between the two countries, Qing representative Yishan accedes to sign the Treaty of Aigun on May 28, 1811. 

1835 - A massive earthquake followed by a tsunami shakes the territory of Sanriku, northern Yamoto, claiming tens of thousands of lives. With its native populace having been sorely tried by a spate of natural disasters spanning two years and months of unrelieved famine, widespread upheaval gives rise to a belligerent lower-class front spearheaded by Oshio Heihachiro, bent on toppling the despotism of the corrupt Tokugawa shoguns. Before long the situation rages out of control, forcing Tokugawa Ienari to beseech the naval intervention of Korean ironclads moored in Shikoku in exchange of permanent military settlements in the northern isles.

1853 - In the light of the abrupt shift of powers in East Asia, Commodore Matthew Perry sails to the Korean peninsula seeking to open viable commercial routes between Americas and the Far East by trying to loosen the two centuries old isolationist policy with Western powers of the Korean Empire. After lengthy talks Perry is the first foreigner to be admitted, as a representative of USA, in the court of emperor Gojong. There, he discusses his proposals in the so-called Convention of Hanseong, arguing the opening of the ports of Pusan and Nampo to unresticted United States trade. Perry departs shortly afterwards mistakenly believing an agreement between the two sides had been reached, unaware that the emperor had in fact stopped short of delivering official endorsement to the treaty as per his advisors' suggestion. A more equitable arrangement would be signed exclusively with France only 10 years later, on heels of the defeat of Admiral Roze. 

1897 - The First Russo-Korean breaks out. In the wake of the Boxer Rebellion the Korean army, not regarded by the decadent Qing Dynasty as a foreign invader unlike its Western allies, occupies Outer Manchuria with the aim of flushing out and fight any future potential destabilizing cadre. Taking Korean presence as a hindrance to Russia's own interests on the zone, Tsar Michael II wages war on the Korean Empire but the army stationed there, weakened by previous clashes with Boxers, is unable to stymie the thrust of the Korean Army and is soon overwhelmed. The Treaty of Portsmouth, signed on September 5, 1898, would cede the entirety of Manchuria as well as rioting Sakhalin to Korea.

1900 - Recent Korean victory over the Russian invasor causes Meiji Restoration to come about. Meiji, nominal emperor of Yamoto, acquiesces in allowing Korea to become the sole deputy for both internal and foreign affairs of his nation by signing the Eulsa Treaty, thus turning to all intents and purposes Yamoto into a Korean protectorate. Formal annexation wouldn't occur until 5 years later. 

1923 - The Great Kanto Earthquake strikes central Yamoto, causing unprecedented death and destruction. Widespread fires ravage Edo, sprawling beyond control mainly due to obsolete and unmaintained infrastructures as the former imperial family is reported missing.

1925 - For the second time in history the Korean Empire is forced to take up arms against Russia. After six months of unabated border skirmishes the Korean Empire, previously neutral during the Great War, decrees the full mobilization of its army against breakaway White Russian rebels helmed by Roman Ungern von Sternberg, spread thin at the outskirts of the former Russian Empire. The subsequent victory over them would secure Korean rule over Yakutia and Kamchatka. Civil unrest erupts across the Bering Strait as Russian Alaska is being shut out of mainland Russia. USA occupies the territory as a precautionary measure. 

1935 - Maritime Provinces become part of the Korean Empire thanks to a landslide victory of 91% favorable votes in the popular plebiscite. Alaska is officially declared an organized territory of USA as of May 11.

1942 - Still suffering from the combined effects of dust bowl storms and the ensuing worldwide stock market crash and staggering unemployment rate upsurge, depression-stricken USA sees no other choice to overcome the crisis but to devise a surprise strike on the Korean Empire, the "Thoroughfare of East Asia", in hopes it would cut its hegemony down to size as part of a desperate bid to forcibly open the country to one-sided economic agreements with North America. President Charles Lindbergh sanctions the preemptive attack on the Korean fleet docked at Guam on December 5, which would be carried out just two days later. World War Two begins. 

==Investment Banker==
Subject: LIVING LIKE A KING <br>
Date: Tue, 15 May 2001 17:26:21 -0700<br>

So I've been in Korea for about a week and a half now and what can I say, LIFE IS GOOD....I've got a spanking brand new 2000 sq. foot 3 bedroom apt. with a 200 sq. foot terrace running the entire length of my apartment with a view overlooking Korea's main river and nightline......Why do I need 3 bedrooms? Good question,...the main bedroom is for my queen size bed,...where CHUNG is going to f@*k every hot chick in Korea over the next 2 years (5 down, 1,000,000,000 left to go).... the second bedroom is for my harem of chickies, and the third bedroom is for all of you f@*kers when you come out to visit my ass in Korea. I go out to Korea's finest clubs, bars and lounges pretty much every other night on the weekdays and everyday on the weekends to (I think in about 2 months, after I learn a little bit of the buyside business I'll probably go out every night on the weekdays).

I know I was a stud in NYC but I pretty much get about, on average, 5-8 phone numbers a night and at least 3 hot chicks that say that they want to go home with me every night I go out. I love the buyside,.... I have bankers calling me everyday with opportunties and they pretty much cater to my every whim - you know (golfing events, lavish dinners, a night out clubbing). The guys I work with are also all chilll - I live in the same apt building as my VP and he drives me around in his Porsche (1 of 3 in all of Korea) to work and when we go out. What can I say,.... live is good,... CHUNG is KING of his domain here in Seoul.....

So,.... all of you f*@kers better keep in touch and start making plans to come out and visit my ass ASAP, I'll show you guys an unbelievable time....My contact info is below....Oh, by the way,... someone's gotta start fedexing me boxes of domes,...I brought out about 40 but I think I'll run out of them by Saturday.....

Laters,

CHUNG

Peter Chung <br>
The Carlyle Group

== KOREAN TOUGH GUYS ==
I hate all white people and Americans especially. We Koreans were so happy when our national hero Cho Seung Hui killed all those kojengi yangnom sekis. Dirty white people all need to die. We Koreans draw our power from hating others and racism. That is the Korean way. I look forwrd to the day we can killl more white people on college campuses. This is what a true Korean patriot believes.

All true proud Koreans should go buy some guns and randomly kill non-Koreans. I have orgasms when I kill people who are not Korean! Don't you? It is every Korean's dream before we die to kill as many americans as we can and spread our hatred to unite our superior Han people. We koreans are much smaerter and more superior to whites because we built a turtle ship 400 years ago whereas whites can only create the internet, telephones, computer chips, automobiles, and etc. Unless you believe in hatred of and killing whites and other non Koreans. If not, then you are not a true Korean. A true Korean patriot belives in murder of all non-Koreans!

True Korean patriots like me get up in the morning and the first thing we do is go straight to the computer and spend the next 24 hours on the internet trying to make as many anti-Japanese/anti Chinese posts as possible because we are insecure of our own Korean image. We know that white people think of Chinese and Japanese as respected powerful Asian nations with a remakable culture. However, we absolutely hate the fact that noone knows what Korea is excpet a place inhabited by a bunch of balloon headed, 3 foot wide faced, wife beating dog eaters who do nothing but scream and yell about how great and superior Korea is.

However, at the same time, we Koreans immigrate to other countries like a swarm of cockroaches b/c we know deep down inside our country is a 3rd world shithole of dirty trash strewn rotten cabbage smelling whores who sell their dirty snatch in massage parlors in Los Angeles, NYC, and Sydney. However, we are ashamed of this and embarassed. Thus, to make ourselvees feel better about our selves, we go to Asiafinest and try to make as many hateful comments about other Asian countries and Mexico/USA because we are so jealous of them. We want them to be below Korea's image but unfortunately, that will never happen b/c all intelligent people know we Koreans are barbaric monkeys who have a severe inferiority complex.

That's why I am so pissed off and angry. That's why I want to buy guns and just go ballistic and kill random foreigners. It makes my Korean little boy ego feel better about myself. Also, all of Korean men and kyopo people are just like me. The ones who are not racist and pyscho are traitors and the whites can have them for their own. A true Korean is racist and hatred is the guiding force in life for all true Koreans. 

==Zerged Cho Seung-Hui==

We may seek this Cerebrate, Cho Seung-Hui in horror and try to understand this brutal zerg commander and why he committed this atrocity. But beyond why he carried out this zergling rush, I think the more important issue to ponder is how he was able to commit this act. Terra has bred a culture and a perspective of violence and death, and repeatedly prove that they are a dangerous world to live on. These acts of violence have been occurring increasingly in the Terran Confederacy, and despite that they have suffered through tragedy after tragedy, they time and time again fail to do anything to stop it. Cho Seung-Hui was still carrying the larvae from the purchase of the Hatchery he used in the massacre. The fact stands that there is absolutely nothing keeping zerglings out of the hands of psychologically unstable people in the Terran Confederacy. They as a people must address this social illness, take responsibility for it and implement change so it can't happen again. Until this occurs, I will fail to be concerned with the self-inflicted suffering of a people that are too passive to take control of their own reality and destiny. I feel for the 12 SCVs that died and the Command Center that got destroyed in the hands of their own fatal culture, but thats as far as it goes. While we all turn our focus to this one massacre, we need to remember that this same culture is also responsible for the slaughter of what is estimated as being between 5000 to 10000 Zerg units. I hope that this tragedy in the Terran's homeland can help send the message that something is horribly wrong and that the Terran Confederacy needs to change. We Terrans need to rise up to do something about it, because we all know that our government won't.