<noinclude>{{Kopipe category|One-Liners|One-Liners}}</noinclude>

== BIX NOOD ==

MUP DA DOO DIDDA PO MO GUB BIDDA BE DAT TUM MUHFUGEN BIX NOOD COF BIN DUB HO MUHFUGGA 

== Fanart ==

Dude, someone seriously needs to learn how to fucking draw. That arm is the size of her waist, and her vagina looks like a flapping.. something. WTF? 

== FLCL ==

ha ha, i watch flcl too. it's so underground. i thought i was the only one. we can die togeth 

== Has anyone really been far as decided to use even go want to do look more like? ==

Dikush ka qenë shumë larg edhe si vendosi për të përdorur të shkojë edhe duan të bëjnë duken më shumë si?

وقد كان أي شخص حقا بقدر حتى قررت استخدام حتى الذهاب تريد أن تفعل أشبه؟

Хто на самой справе далёка нават вырашыў выкарыстаць нават пайсці хочаце зрабіць больш падобныя?

Има ли някой наистина е далеч, дори когато са решили да използват дори да искат да изглеждат по-скоро?

Algú ha estat realment la mesura tot i que va decidir utilitzar fins i tot anar vull fer més semblen?

有沒有人真的遠遠甚至決定使用甚至想要做看起來更像？

Je li netko stvarno bila daleko, čak i odlučili koristiti čak i ići želite učiniti izgledati kao?

Má někdo opravdu daleko i když se rozhodl použít dokonce jít chci udělat více vypadat jako?

Er der nogen der virkelig været langt endnu som det blev besluttet at bruge selv gå ønsker at gøre mere ligner?

Heeft iemand eigenlijk al veel zelfs besloten gebruik te gaan zelfs verder willen meer doen eruit?

Kas keegi on tõesti olnud palju isegi otsustanud kasutada isegi minna tahad otsida rohkem meeldib?

Ay kahit sino ay talagang malayo kahit na bilang ay nagpasya na gumamit ng kahit na pumunta nais na gawin hitsura mas gusto?

Onko kukaan oikeastaan ole paljon edes päättänyt käyttää jopa mennä haluamme tehdä näyttämään?

Quelqu'un a-t-il vraiment été loin même comme décidé pour utiliser même vont veulent faire le coup d'oeil plus comme?

Ninguén ten realmente sido moi mesmo decidiu usar incluso ir quero facer parecer máis lle gusta?

Ist irgendjemand, gerade als dafür entschieden, wirklich weit gewesen zu verwenden sogar gehen wollen Blick mehr wie tun?

== gg ==

gg reposting something that is blatantly sexual and most likely underage! enjoy 

== Kneading tits ==

(´・ω・)つ(・(・Kneading tits 

== Kneading delicious flat chest ==

(´・ω・)つ|・・| KNEADING DELICIOUS FLAT CHEST 

== JA I AM MADE OF DUR BUTTER ==

JA I AM MADE OF DUR BUTTER UND YOU ARE WORTH 2K MONIES
EAT COMMUNISM!!! 

== Lowtax ==

please keep all those stupid fucking catchphrases off the SA Forums. 

== Monty Python and the Holy Grail ==
Oh, king eh? Very nice. And how'd you get that, eh? By exploiting the workers. By hanging on to outdated imperialist dogma which perpetuates the economic and social differences in our society. 

== NOBODY SHOULD NEED A MACHINE TO DO SOMETHING SO EASY == 

=== Rice cooker ===
OMG WHO THE FUCK IS SO LAZY THAT THEY CAN'T COOK THEIR OWN RICE

RICE COOKERS DON'T SAVE YOU ANY TIME, FAG. YOU JUST WASTED YOUR GODDAMN MONEY. NOBODY SHOULD NEED A MACHINE TO DO SOMETHING SO EASY.<br>

=== Popcorn maker ===
OMG WHO THE FUCK IS SO LAZY THAT THEY CAN'T POP THEIR OWN POPCORN

POPCORN POPPERS DON'T SAVE YOU ANY TIME, FAG. YOU JUST WASTED YOUR GODDAMN MONEY. NOBODY SHOULD NEED A MACHINE TO DO SOMETHING SO EASY.<br>

=== Pasta cooker ===
OMG WHO THE FUCK IS SO LAZY THAT THEY CAN'T BOIL THEIR OWN PASTA

PASTA COOKERS DON'T SAVE YOU ANY TIME, FAG. YOU JUST WASTED YOUR GODDAMN MONEY. NOBODY SHOULD NEED A MACHINE TO DO SOMETHING SO EASY.<br>

=== Egg separator ===
OMG WHO THE FUCK IS SO LAZY THAT THEY CAN'T SEPARATE THEIR OWN EGGS

EGG SEPARATORS DON'T SAVE YOU ANY TIME, FAG. YOU JUST WASTED YOUR GODDAMN MONEY. NOBODY SHOULD NEED A MACHINE TO DO SOMETHING SO EASY.<br>

=== Mill ===
OMG WHO THE FUCK IS SO LAZY THAT THEY CAN'T MILL THEIR OWN GRAIN

GRAIN MILLERS DON'T SAVE YOU ANY TIME, FAG. YOU JUST WASTED YOUR GODDAMN MONEY. NOBODY SHOULD NEED A MACHINE TO DO SOMETHING SO EASY.<br>

=== Pasta roller ===
OMG WHO THE FUCK IS SO LAZY THAT THEY CAN'T PULL THEIR OWN NOODLES

PASTA ROLLERS DON'T SAVE YOU ANY TIME, FAG. YOU JUST WASTED YOUR GODDAMN MONEY. NOBODY SHOULD NEED A MACHINE TO DO SOMETHING SO EASY.<br>

== This is a Picture ==

This is picture.I found it on the internet.

== thanks op ==
thanks op i came on cat she hiss at penis
<br>i fapped so hard mine dong flew out da window i here its in [[china]] now
<br>wow op i fap so hard my dick bigger 2 inches great vid
<br>omg i coming cats and dogs thnx for pic!!
<br>omg op i come so hard that I shot a whole in my wall. now my mom is angry and said i had a hug cock!
<br>i came so hard im now a woman thx op
<br>The hurricane winds generated from how fast I was whacking it knocked down my entire south wall of my house and now car alarms all over the neigborhood are going off.
<br>I just shat my pants in class now i cant move or it will all squelch out and the girl near me is starting to notice the smell thanks op!
<br>i know own a small fast food chain in rhode island thx op
<br>thx op for share her exclusive move make sister grew dick to fuck my ass with
<br>op i slipped on my own penis im calling the police fuck you op
<br>WOW BITCH NOZE HOW TO SUKK GUD I CUM SO HARD MY BUCKET BROKE
<br>super hot chick thanks op I came a whole mom
<br>oh god all i have left to cum is bone marrow aaaah god no stop it hurts m bone marrow thx op 10/10
<br>holy penis i shat pics of spiderman
<br>epic win OP I cam shit and shat cum
<br>I'm watching this now with my family and my [[( ´ω`)|granpa]] is winning the cumbucket challenge thx op 10/10
<br>I came so hard my cum created a sonic boom and now I can't hear shit thx op 10/10
<br>your under arrest op for make this such fantastic porno movievideo, I birthed several sperm childs
<br>thx op i came so hard my dick split open and wasps flew out and stung my mom 9/11
<br>thx op i cut dick off and threw my dick like cum grenade 10/10
<br>op made me cum like a small turtle call me franklin
<br>awesome porno op I came in a poor man's suit pocket.
<br>I RIPPED MY ARM OFF AND CAME TO STOP THE BLEEDING THX OP
<br>omfg my dick got so hard i could fuck my own asshole!