<noinclude>{{Kopipe category|Religion|Imaginary friends.}}</noinclude>

== [[Islam|الله‎]]==
Hey Fags

Instead of sitting around on the internet all day, posting pointless messages and abusing yourselves to pictures of loose women, why not do something productive and surrender your lives to Allah?

Western society has become decadent, weak, and lazy, and is soon to collapse. The upcoming generation, people such as yourselves, want nothing more from life than to grow fat sitting around on computers all day, masturbating, drinking, and taking drugs. You are encouraged in this behaviour by corrupt politicians and absent new age parents while your societies and economies collapse around you. Meanwhile the Muslim Ummah, or brotherhood, grows rich on oil wealth and trains its upcoming generation to serve Allah, and to fight, willing to give their lives if necessary for the cause. The 19 hijackers of 9/11 have surely earned their place in paradise as do the suicide bombers who strike daily into the heart of the devil state of Israel. We are living among you, in Europe and America, and we are outbreeding you day by day, slowly taking over.

Allah has a plan for each of us. He means us all to be good Muslims and live by his rules, as set out to the Prophet Muhammed (pbuh). Your sinful lives and wicked ways go against His plans, and you will be tortured for eternity in hell for your iniquities. Repent now and revert back to the one true faith.

Where your joke of a faith, which no one in your society believes in anyway, tells you to love, be tolerant, and turn the other cheek, the Quran teaches us to "Kill the unbelievers wherever you find them, capture and besiege them and prepare for them every kind of ambush."

It also says "Against them make ready your strength to the utmost of your power, including steeds of war, to strike terror into (the hearts of) the enemies, of Allah and your enemies".

How can you hope to win your futile so called 'war on terror' against us? You have become weak, and no longer willing or able to fight. You even elected a pacifist president with Muslim sympathies to try and placate us. It's only a matter of time until we win. Even now your soldiers contine to die on the battlefields of Afghanistan, and for what? The moment you leave, it will be back to traditional Sharia law. Your technological advances count for nothing if all you do with them is watch porn and play video games. We will continue our jihad on the west, to maim and kill those who oppose or insult us. See the truth for what it is and revert to Islam immediately. It is your only hope of survival. 

== Jesus ==

I am a very religious person. Well, not religious, but I’d definitely consider my personal faith a vital aspect of my life. I believe without the shadow of a doubt that Jesus Christ has saved me and made me righteous. I have a deep, personal relationship with Jesus Christ, the Son of God. He and I talk frequently. I’ve been trying to get him to stop smoking, so far to no avail. Well, a little. I’ve gotten him to stop smoking except after we make love, which unfortunately for his lungs and fortunately for my blue balls, takes place approximately four times daily. I’ll tell you, Jesus Christ sure packs one hell of a load. I mean, there’s really nothing I love more than feeling his huge dick on my face, flicking his balls a little with my tongue, feeling his sweet, shapely buttocks spread onto my nose and mouth, feeling the warmth of his cum all over my face. Honestly, when Jesus Christ’s big, round, beautiful cock is just on the tip of my lips, I truly feel his salvation. I truly feel at home when he enters into me. That big, veiny monster in my mouth is all that I love in the world. When he enters into me with his thick cock, when he thrusts soft at first and then progressively harder until finally his warm, divine man-god-juice fills my hole… feeling Jesus Christ fuck my tight little asshole… oh my God. I just realized how hard I am right now. Jesus Christ’s hard, tight little body with those fucking abs of hard rock… they make me as hard as a rock. There’s nothing better than his round, shapely ass. Christ has the best ass of any man alive. It feels so perfect when you hold it in your hand.

== Jesus married to Mary Magdalene ==

Jesus married to Mary Magdalene? No fucking way. I've read the Bible, folks, and I know there's no way Jesus was ever married. The guy never had a wife. Because no wife would buy The Resurrection story in a hundred fucking years. The disciples will, the believers will:but no wife would buy this fucking story. Good luck! Good luck with this story.

First of all, Jesus leaves on Friday afternoon with 12 other guys. He's gone for three days. No message. No way to get in touch with his wife. Then he comes home Monday afternoon looking like shit, like he hasn't slept. Looks like he's all partied out, man.

And Mrs. Jesus is just waiting, pacing around the home, going, "Okay, this is Day 3 of this shit:Well, look who's back! I'm glad you could find your way home, 'Mr. Savior'! Where's your 12 friends who won't get a job, huh?! Where're they at?! Yeah, 'disciples' my ass. They're LOSERS! Do you hear me? Every one of them are using you, Jesus, and you're not even smart enough to know it! Anyone who says to you 'I believe' we put them up and feed them! I'm sick of it! Where've you been?! Huh?"

And Jesus is rubbing his face, shaking his head, going, "I don't need this shit:not after what I went through this weekend:"

Then he goes, "No honey, I'll tell you where I've been. Come here. Come he-e-ere, honey. I'll tell you where I've been. First of all, not that it ruined your weekend any but I was DEAD!!! DO YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU FUCKING BITCH?! I WAS DEEEAAADDD!!! WHILE YOU WERE SITTING AT HOME ON YOUR ASS, I'M IN A GRAVE OUTSIDE OF TOWN! I'M FIGHTING DEATH, HELL, DECOMPOSURE:I'M ABOUT TO TURN INTO A SPIRITUAL FORM AND GO INTO THE KINGDOM OF GOD, AND I GO, 'OH SHIT, WAIT A SECOND! I BETTER GO BACK HOME BECAUSE SHE DOESN'T KNOW WHERE I'VE BEEN!' SO NOW I'VE GOT TO FIGHT THE ANGEL OF DEATH, GET MY FUCKING SOUL BACK, CRAWL OUT OF THE GRAVE, AND COME HOME TO THIS SHIT: BECAUSE I MISSED YOU HONEY!!!"

No fucking way, man. 

== Religion ==

So, /b/. Here's the situation...

As you probably know, millions of Christian Fundies/Evangelicals in the US today are preaching that the biblical prophecies of Revelation are being fulfilled every day (Israel, nukes, Iraq war, etc.), and that it's only a matter of time before Christians are raptured into Heaven and God pwns the world in preparation for Jesus' final face-off with the Antichrist.

According to these same people we have no clear idea when the Rapture and Armageddon/The Milennium will occur- we only know that they are coming soon. In the eyes of these people there is no need to care for the environment, enact long-standing economic reform or commit resources to peacekeeping efforts around the world, since such efforts will be ultimately useless when Jesus comes back and the end of the world starts.

And perhaps most strikingly, Anonymous, these same people preach that we, the "wayward liberal youth" of the technological age, will be subject to God's wrath for our lack of Christian conduct and faith (especially you Eurofags. Enjoy your Antichrist politicians).

...I guess what I'm trying to ask, Anonymous, is this: Am I the only one who is amused, horrified, and pissed off all at the same time by these Christians' rampant douchebaggery?