{{Information/Lulz Alert}}

=RAEP CONTINUES=

'''''COMMENTS''' As so many of you seem keen on making edits and comments, please do so below and sign with 5 tildes (~) to show the time.''
* http://vnnforum.com/showthread.php?t=64482&page=4

''"Fuck Hal. I am a White Nationalist and I can't stand the son of a bitch. Most of us can't. Hal is on the same level as soul-sucking televangelists and agitators like Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton. Kick this nigger kike's ass, Anon."'' 20:33, 2 January 2008 (EST)

'''RIP Hal Turner Show 9:02 PM 1/9/08'''

Just like Cloverfield, Halvin Turdnerstein is back from the ashes and begging for moneys. 04:14, 3 February 2008 (PST)

=Intro=

A totally hip and cool white supremacist who runs his own radio show every Wednesday night for a few hours, accepts calls, and chats it up with his racist buddies. The saga of Hal Turner is long, very long. Since the dawn of Internets, Anonymous and Hal Turner have been fighting. The full history can be read at our friends, [http://encyclopediadramatica.ch/Hal_Turner ED].
Many prank calls and videos are also there.
<div style='position: relative; float: right'>http://img218.imageshack.us/img218/8126/turner350033006tf9.jpg</div>

Raiding Hal, like raiding [[Habbo]], is old, and sometimes the bored Anon will call him up every Wednesday night. However, there are also times when all of Anonymous starts to set dates and ready themselves for epic events. It is believed such a thing is upon us right now. Primary raids involved [[prank calls]], and [[DDoS]] of his site; he has changed hosts many times.

=Raid Status=

* '''16:34, 30 December 2007 (EST)'''
** Bandwidth raep has started; his next show is on Wednesday, the third of January, though plans for a specific date are being made. 
* '''xx:xx 31 December 2007 (EST)'''
** Site Hacked with a g00n splashpage; Wikipedia coverage made 
* '''1 January 2008 (EST)'''
** Site hacked again according to him; see ED for screenshot of his explanation. Happy New Years.
* '''15:04, 2 January 2008 (EST)'''
** Nazis come to article for lulz, minor vandalism, no one cares.
* '''15:32, 2 January 2008 (EST)'''
** Hal makes claims that he is being 'criminally extorted' to shut down his site by Anon/g00ns. Yet he also claims the g00ns are offering to sell secret government information, meaning he is lying (probably) or was well trolled (could be both).
** Hal quit his show, it's over, Anonymous has become victorious. you can hear his broadcast here <s>http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdkgP4hFO1Y</s> baleeted
* '''04:13, 3 February 2008 (PST)'''
** Just like a raging case of herpes, he's back. 

Not enough moneys Hal stops his show for good?

=Aftermath and Analysis=

A good show was had, as Hal started off ranting about g00ns and Anonymous, in an orgy of memes and fail that would make EFG facepalm. Some new memes are being developed from this, potentially "Party Hard GG" and the g00ns new saying "I am Legend". On that note, Hal Turner must REALLY have liked that movie, he kept expecting and asking for I am Legend prank calls and "distress signals from Robert Neville." As to why he liked a movie that starred the Fresh Prince, IDK. Maybe it had something to do with Will saying Hitler was not necessarily evil to a reporter.

Many consider the g00ns to fail at prank calls, as they consisted of shououts to other g00ns by name, violating our own Anonymous principles, and seeming to kiss up to Hal. Many of the VNN and other Nazis think that g00ns are channers, and many channers were angry at the g00ns for the fail prank calls, but as the g00ns hacked the site in the first place, it's all just part the the game really; g00ns are not Anonymous, Anonymous is not g00ns, we all just worked together.

But the real asslicker last night was Turner, to the dismay of all his friends at [http://vnnforum.com/showthread.php?t=64482&page=4 VNN]. Anons, g00ns and White Supremacists mostly conclude Hal Turner has finally snapped. He gave Anon and g00ns a platform for a 2 hour show (as if we didn't already have our own radio show), used memes excessively to the point where he sounded to his friends like an ass kisser and to Anonymous like a newfag, and did another one of his drama llama numbers, claiming that 7 police cars showed up at his door conveniently during the break, changing the story midway to 7 officers and 4 police cars; VNN forum members and Anons both called the police department to find that no such thing occurred.

Was this raid win or fail? One must look at the lulz gathered vs. the work put in, and the amount of fail to counterbalance that lulz. While the work was done fast and efficiently, namely the g00ns hacking his site, the lulz was medicore comparted to past shows, and many consider 'g00n shoutouts' to have ruined the affair. However, Hal was further disgraced in front of the White Nationalist community, and got almost no real callers in; at the end of the show, he even asked them to send in '5 or 10 bucks' which pissed them off to no end. And finally, Hal Turner was forced back to a free service by the Legion/Legend; overall, one might consider the raid a mild win, though Anonymous has yet to decide.

Download the broadcast here: http://rapidshare.com/files/80854329/HAL_TURNER_-_REVENGE_OF_THE_LULZ.mp3

=pack: Raep=

This tools pack has weapons individual raids may require, but is not to be used at full force per raid; please see current raid for instructions.

* Primary: http://s1.uppit.com/d/ECXJJI
* Mirror: http://www.mediafire.com/?aemsbxx3lmc


"I tried to get onto your website today and I got some error thing with a weird logo, so watchout the government is hacking us" ~Ernie from PA GOVERNMENT DOES 404 WATCH OUT ANON THESE PEOPLE ARE SUPER INTELLIGENT!!!!!!!!!1

=Hal Information=
His basic info is right on his site, but for your ease... a bunch of probably outdated info: 

==Basics==
* '''Name''': Harold Charles Turner
* '''Age''': 45
* '''Date of Birth:''' March 15, 1962 - or - August 19, 1962
* '''Show's Number:''' 201-484-0060
* '''Email:''' secret12@optonline.net 

==Home Address==
    (registered under wife's name lol) 
    1906 Paterson Plank Rd. Unit 1A #10P
    North Bergen, NJ 07047
    (Google Maps: http://anonym.to/http://tinyurl.com/yf7ssl) 

==Other Information==
* '''Automobile:''' '05 Lexus ES330, color Gold
* '''Plates:''' 3N3-N8H
* '''Home Phone Service:''' Most likely Vonage
* '''Home Phone Number:''' Unknown 

==Family Information==
* '''Wife:''' Phyllis A. Turner (Beatrice), divorced.
* '''Known Relatives:''' 
*# John J. Turner
*# Dominic Turner
*# Janice Turner
*# Kathleen T. Turner

[[Category:Enemies]][[Category:History]][[Category:Raids]]