Tom Green is a talk show host who, after being a complete faggot for many years, was finally raided by [[Anon]]. Many lulz were produced as trolls were fed.

Starting on June 15, Tom Green partnered with ManiaTV! to host his own live call-in show, right from his own living room. Every 11pm EST he has a live broadcast of his show, which consists of guests on the show (ranging from Tony Hawk to Melissa Rivers) and him taking calls from people across the globe. 

On August 19, Tom Green announced on his [http://www.tomgreen.com/blog.php blog] that Girl Talk was cancelled, due to the viewers not liking it. However, many believe that this was because of the immense amount of prank calls from /b/tards that Girl Talk had recieved. The next day, he announced that he was recruiting local LA talent Leonard Mills (which is actually a drunk Tom Green wearing a wig) for Leonard Mills Live, a call-in show where Leonard improvises songs with prank phone callers.

There have been multiple tip-off's to Tom Green about /b/, either through e-mail or actual phone-in calls on-air. However, it should be noted that in all past forum invasions on other sites, these sabotuers rarely succeed in their goal, and there is a 100% chance that they will fail this time.

A memorable Tom Green invasion was when Tony Hawk was on (second time), it looked like /b/ was not going to be invading, as only 1 /b/tard had pranked the show, but near the end Tom Green decided to end with taking around 8 more calls, as a result, alot of /b/tards flooded in, "So I herd u liek Mudkips, SHOOP DA WOOP" was one of the calls. Someone pranked with the common "Barrel Roll" quote, where Tony Hawk started talking random shit about boogie boards and stuff, after which Tom Green began saying "Actually Barrel Roll originated in the game Star Fox", this resulted in epic win from the /b/tards, but epic fail from Tony, as he said "That game's old.."

==Raids==
===08/16/06 Raid===
On 08/16/06, the [[/b/|/b/tards]] invaded Tom Green's call in show for epic win.
Tom Green held up a sheet of paper reading '''B''' and put on an afro wig to accompany his suit. He also endured an hour of Desu spamming, "[[Habbo|Pool's Closed]]", and "do a barrel roll!" all of which are popular [[4chan]] memes.  

By the end of the show however, Green had had enough.  He joined his guest in announcing "thanks to you assholes this will no longer be a call in show".  This is unlikely as the show features no other content.  The show immediately following Green, "Girl Talk", was also completely ruined by [[/b/]].  They were bombarded for three hours with "Osaka porn", "barrel roll", desu [[spam]], "shoop da whoop" and other such memes that never were very funny anyway.

====Aftermath====
The "raids" were met with mixed feelings on [[/b/]], there were those who were lolling out loud, and then there were those snarky wankers who criticised the action in a desperate attempt to uphold the [[/b/]] SUPER SEKRET ELITE clique environment. We at partyvan.info can assure you that the Tom Green raids qualified as [[lulz]], and that the aforementioned snarky wankers are just butthurt that some people are being entertained by something that they, personally are not.  These snarky wankers seem to have caught a new strain of [[cancer]] that causes the victim to believe that [[lulz]] are Serious Business, and cannot accept that minor [[lulz]] in the form of what's really more like Audience Participation than anything else are, in fact, funny to people who do not deserve to [[furries|die in a fire]].

===07/12/07===
At 2AM EST on 7/12/07, Tom held the Tom Green Show "in the middle of the night" version. This followed a show the previous day where he hocked off a bunch of junk on eBay, then PMS'd at his camera operator before ending the show half an hour early. Tom appeared drunk and spent half the show ducking behind his desk and trying to rap. He got one prank call and afterwards was literally screaming "BARREL ROLL" and "MUDKLIFFS" at every caller. Evidently, he plans to hold late-night shows semi-regularly, and no trace of the show exists on his site.

===06/03/08===
On 6/3/08 at approximately 1:04 AM Eastern Tom Green was "performing a meme" when his producer got scared when someone called him a fat nigger six times, and Tom again behaved like a pussy saying such lulzy phrases as, "I like meems," "meems are not cool after that," "You try to help people out, you screw around with someone that likes meems and whatever..........."  Lulz most certainly ensued and whoever performed this raid should be congratulated.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_jDDTkXtPc

===06/17/08===
On 6/17/08 at approximately 1:57 AM Eastern Tom Green met a 19 year-old caller on Skype with his brother playing WOW. Tom eventually gained the caller's trust and decided to let him stay on the air and let some callers in. The first caller shouted, a "meme" which is frowned upon in the #tomgreen community, "FAT NIGGER, FAT NIGGER..." The second caller asked him about a time when a snake bit Tom Green and he did a barrel roll. Right after Tom Green responded to the third caller, the Skype caller put a Guy Fawkes mask and eventually started to fap on camera. Tom immediately shat bricks after spotting the mask. Also Tom got severely butthurt over a caller inquiring about Drew Barrymore.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHUSLT3VWME

===Girl Talk===

At one point, he gave a group of girls their own show called "Girl Talk," which was 5 attractive (though clueless) females who would give advice to callers.

Upon hearing about these shows, /b/ made it a point to start calling into these shows, shouting memes such as [[Pool's Closed]] and [[Anonymous|Anonymous does not forgive]] into the phone. There was a show originally on Tom Green known as Girl Talk,  The girls on Girl Talk were typically clueless about these memes, often saying "ShaEventually, this built up into more complex calls, such as famous [[:Category:Copypasta|copypasta]] being told to the girls, who believed the stories, until the copypasta abrubtly turned into the caller rapping off the theme song to the [[Bel-Air|Fresh Prince of Bel-Air]].me on you!", and hanging up on them, they believed the calls were all from one person. Tom Green on the other hand, has a bit more fun with these callers, often shouting things back at them or playing along. (See video clips below)

===Celebrity Apprentice===
Tom Green has since shown his face, albeit with a raccoon glued to it, on NBC's Celebrity Apprentice, citing his success of his WORLD WIDE INTERNET TALK SHOW for his admittance to the circle-jerk. One can only expect future [[cancer]] in the oncoming weeks. Stay tuned.

===08/23/08===
08/23/08 Bob calls in to wish Tom a Happy Fat Nigger Day.  FAT NIGGER CALL?? CLOSE. FUCKING. EVERYTHING.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CX3IWlZUrec

Instigators of the earlier win filled raids wept as the memories of their epic, well executed prank calls were replaced with cheap lulz. Much faggotry ensued and further Fat Nigger calls made Tom disconnect his phone line and thus defeat the cancer that is killing /b/ the same way he did his own cancer several years earlier.

===03/02/09 - Pizza Day===
On March 2nd, 2009, Tom Green decided to order pizza for his friends David Faustino and Corin Nemec from Pizzaland. #tomgreen quickly decided to order a few pizzas, with a total cost of $79, to his house address. Tom receives the shitload of pizza live on his show and he begins to shit brix and claim that he never ordered the pizzas. But Tom, acknowledging this pranks high level of win, decides to eventually pay for and eat the pizza anyway.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kI9Xj-lI2T4

'''Tom's reaction:'''
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGYNOmdfNz8


----

====Tom's Legal Reaction====
After being bombarded by pizza men, strippers, hookers, and most importantly people from Craigslist Tom Green decided to use [legal action against [[4chan]]. He also claims to know about your IP address and has hired several [[FBI|computer forensics]] personnels to help cleanse his show.


{{quote|Also to the prankers out there.  A quick note I wanted to pass along.  I like you guys and your attitude.  But anything that goes too far will be addressed legally.  We have already been in touch with the Cyber crimes division of the FBI and we have a computer forensics expert now on the case.  Any threats or illegal behaviour will be prosecuted to the fullest extent.  And guess what?!  We are now able to obtain anybodies IP address.  Even on supposed websites where you think those IP addresses are blocked... guess what?  They are not.  So lets keep it cool and have some fun, because I really don't want anyone to get into trouble because of our little show.  I know sometimes when you are young you can end up making decisions in the moment that you later regret.  Consider it a warning.  We have a very serious computer forensics team on the case starting today.  You will be found and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.  Keep it cool.  Go prank CSpan and send me the tape.  You guys rock!  All 
of you!  Even the guys at /B/...  I love you guys.  Funny shit.

TG}}


'''Tom Green's full blog post:''' [http://tomgreen.com/blog/?post=650]

==A Few Recorded Calls==

===Tom Green Show===

*http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4CaYzsQ0fkY&feature=related
*http://s256.photobucket.com/albums/hh180/BlueKewne/Tom%20Green%20Show/?action=view&current=TomGreen4chan.flv]
*[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWA2z_KvBHk] tom green gets goatse'd 
*[http://youtube.com/watch?v=8CiBCetM3b4] Tom Green gets called a fat nigger, ends the show and says, and I quote, "No one will evar hear this, nevar again!!"
*[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_jDDTkXtPc] Same video as up there, Tom Green performs "meems" for the callers enjoyment, "fat nigger" ensues, tom green is [[butthurt]]
*[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nv_Bst6eoaQ] Tom butthurt level reaches under 9000 and threatens to take the prank callers to COURT
*[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CX3IWlZUrec] Happy Fat Nigger Day Tom!

*[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDVFiw4j91c]
*[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1fcX_yC_i4]
*[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-LYRbrU1eCE]
*[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvCO45U_VtY]
*[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7WAGYAkf98]

===Girltalk===

*[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwTocc_rXZ8]
*[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-m3vQkdzky4] - For some reason, it hasn't been deleted.
*[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MeV4H3i7eMI] 
*[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L4pu4ThWJ_0]
*[http://www.youtube.com/profile?user=k0axle Some more archived Girl Talk raids]

*[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lU7AIM5M2E] 
*[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9E4R39sjZI] 
*[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwtMymYSB3o] 
*[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUiemAM3Ns0]
*[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8aK2HtmAww]
*[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-m3vQkdzky4] 
*[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L4pu4ThWJ_0 Osaka and beautiful=BS] 
*[http://www.youtube.com/profile?user=k0axle More archived Girl Talk raids]

==Links==
*[irc://irc.rizon.net/tomgreen The official Tom Green internets channel]
*[http://www.TomGreen.com Tom Green's Internet TV site and XXX gay porn]