Experimental pilot for the "[[Rerun]]" Chimera. A timid man who never likes to start trouble, as well as an intelligent and gifted engineer and mathematician. He is wholly unsuited for combat, and he begins to grow a disdain for these weapons that he helped to create.

Age: 20

Nationality: English

Eyes: Green

Hair: Brown

Mech: [[Rerun]]

Description:

Short, brown hair. Glasses. a timid expression. clean-shaven at the beginning of the series, and only a little more stubble after that. Altogether, he appears to look more like a scientist then a warrior.

History: 

Unlike Akira or Felecia, Edward has no great sad story of his childhood. He was born in 418, and was sheltered from the atrocities of war by his very rich parents. 

At the age of 14, he was the youngest person to ever be accepted into Yale. He was inducted into the science division. Specifically, the newly founded Robotic Weapons program. He found his calling designing weapons of war without any perspective as to how they were used. When someone would ask, he would shrug, and say "once out of my hands, they aren't my problem." 

Almost immediately out of College, he got a job at Median Laboratory, and was one of the main engineers in charge of the CP-8 project. He had the most hand in designing the first flight-capable War Machine, Chimera Mk.X, and he he began to view it as sort of a "little brother" to himself, as well as to the other two Chimeras. He also became quite adept at piloting the "Rerun." So much so that for the first field test, they decided that they could just as easily send him out. 

Of course, having talent doesn't mean you have what it takes to be a soldier.

[[Category:Project SRW/m/]]