This is a compendium of copypasta related to Maddy McCann, primarily for use against The Sun or related targets. Please add any useful related copypasta you have.

=Limerick=
There once was a young girl called Maddie, She had such an unthinking daddy, Snatched from her bed, She's probably dead, R?ped by a Portuguese baddy.
<br>
There once was a girl from Leicester, her daddy then tried to molest'er, She resisted and screamed, so he got real mean, and poor little Maddie got reamed.
<br>
There once was a man named McCann, Who was an unusually horny man. He wanted to f**k, but his wife said no luck, SO HE FUCKED HIS DAUGHTER INSTEAD!
<br>
There once was a girl named Maddie, Her father lusted over her madly, One day he raped her badly, Yes, this story ends sadly, But I would still f**k that corpse gladly.

=Jokes=
'''Q:''' ''What's the difference between Madeleine McCann and Pope John Paul II?'' '''A:''' ''The Pope died a virgin.''
'''Q:''' ''What do Madeleine McCann and bananas have in common?'' '''A:''' ''Both are flown to England in boxes.''
'''Q:''' ''What do Maddie and Liverpool have in common?'' '''A:''' ''Both lost in Europe''
'''Q:''' ''Knock Knock... Who's There?'' '''A:''' ''Not Maddie, lol.''
'''Q:''' ''Whats the difference between Madeline McCann, and Madeline McCann jokes?'' '''A:''' ''The jokes will get old.''
'''Q:''' ''What's worse than asking Michael Jackson to babysit your children?'' '''A:''' ''Sending them on vacation with the McCanns.''
'''Q:''' ''What's the difference between Madeleine McCann and a blade of grass?'' '''A:''' ''Six feet.''
'''Q:''' ''What is the McCanns favorite car?'' '''A:''' ''*random car* because you can fit two in the front, 3 in the back and 1 in the trunk.''

=Bel-Air=
Now, this is a story all about how
Maddy got raped while upside down
And I'd like to take a minute, just sit right there,
I'll tell you how The McCann's got away with a girls murder.

In the United Kingdom born and raised
On the playground was where she spent most of her days
Sitting and swimming naked in the pool
And lookin' all wet for her daddy the fool
And Daddie's libido was up to no good
Started getting tight in his crotch hood
He raped little Maddie then mom got scared
She said '"Where gonna have to kill 'er and dump her somewhere"

They whistled for a cab and when it came near
The license plate said fresh and it had dice in the mirror
If anything they thought this cab is rare
But they said "Aw fuck it, to a ditch somewhere!"

I pulled up to the ditch about 7 or 8
And handed the cabby a 50 for him to clamup
Then they got an axe, a bag, and chopped their girl up.
They looked at the gravesite, finally ready, to pretend they were greiving and get everyone's pity. 

[[Category: Copypasta]]