<div style='width: 300px; position: relative; float: right;'>
* '''IRC'''
**irc.AnonNet.org #tpb (Primary)
**irc.AnonNet.org #baylout (Serious TPB discussion)
**irc.terogen.com #seedsofliberty (lol dead)
**irc.freenode.net #fuckifpi (Secondary)
* '''/i/'''
** [http://anarchan.hvlug.dk/OB/ /OB/]
** [http://888chan.org/tpb/ 888 /tpb/]
** [http://711chan.org/i/res/39549.html 711chan] 
** [http://chan.command-q.org/mac/res/63.html ⌘chan] 
</div>

The founders of The Pirate Bay were arrested. TPB itself, however, will remain up and usable, so nothing to worry about. People are still, however, extremely pissed, and the RIAA and MPAA are still going to be violently raped. YARR!

==What happened==
Fredrik Neij, Gottfrid Svartholm Warg, Carl Lundstrom and Peter Sunde were found guilty of breaking copyright law and were sentenced to a year in jail.
They were also ordered to pay $4.5m (£3m) in damages.
Record companies welcomed the verdict but the men are to appeal and Sunde said they would refuse to pay the fine.
Speaking at an online press conference, he described the verdict as "bizarre".
"It's serious to actually be found guilty and get jail time. It's really serious. And that's a bit weird," Sunde said.
"It's so bizarre that we were convicted at all and it's even more bizarre that we were [convicted] as a team. The court said we were organized. I can't get Gottfrid out of bed in the morning. If you're going to convict us, convict us of disorganize crime.
"We can't pay and we wouldn't pay. Even if I had the money I would rather burn everything I owned, and I wouldn't even give them the ashes."
	
It is almost certain that The Pirate Bay will keep on sailing, long after today's court judgment  

Read more at the dot.life blog
Q&A: Pirate Bay verdict
Send us your comments
The damages were awarded to a number of entertainment companies, including Warner Bros, Sony Music Entertainment, EMI, and Columbia Pictures.
However, the total awarded fell short of the $17.5m in damages and interest the firms were seeking.
Speaking to the BBC, the chairman of industry body the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) John Kennedy said the verdict sent out a clear message.
"These guys weren't making a principled stand, they were out to line their own pockets. There was nothing meritorious about their behaviour, it was reprehensible.
"The Pirate Bay did immense harm and the damages awarded doesn't even get close to compensation, but we never claimed it did.
"There has been a perception that piracy is OK and that the music industry should just have to accept it. This verdict will change that," he said.

The Pirate Bay's first server is now a museum exhibit in Stockholm
The four men denied the charges throughout the trial, saying that because they did not actually host any files, they were not doing anything wrong.
Speaking on Swedish Radio, assistant judge Klarius explained how the court reached its findings.
"The court first tried whether there was any question of breach of copyright by the file-sharing application and that has been proved, that the offence was committed.
"The court then moved on to look at those who acted as a team to operate the Pirate Bay file-sharing service, and the court found that they knew that material which was protected by copyright but continued to operate the service," he said.
A lawyer for Carl Lundstrom, Per Samuelson, told journalists he was shocked by the guilty verdict and the severity of the sentence.
"That's outrageous, in my point of view. Of course we will appeal," he was quoted as saying by Reuters news agency. "This is the first word, not the last. The last word will be ours."
Political issue
Rickard Falkvinge, leader of The Pirate Party - which is trying to reform laws around copyright and patents in the digital age - told the BBC that the verdict was "a gross injustice".
"This wasn't a criminal trial, it was a political trial. It is just gross beyond description that you can jail four people for providing infrastructure.

Mark Mulligan from Forrester Research says what was different about Pirate Bay

"There is a lot of anger in Sweden right now. File-sharing is an institution here and while I can't encourage people to break copyright law, I'm not following it and I don't agree with it.
"Today's events make file-sharing a hot political issue and we're going to take this to the European Parliament."
The Pirate Bay is the world's most high profile file-sharing website and was set up in 2003 by anti-copyright organization Piratbyran, but for the last five years it has been run by individuals.
Millions of files are exchanged using the service every day.
No copyright content is hosted on The Pirate Bay's web servers; instead the site hosts "torrent" links to TV, film and music files held on its users' computers.

== Victories ==
=== First Raid ===
Target: www.ifpi.org

Date: 4/20/09

Time: 00:00 A.M. / 12:00 A.M.

Description: The DDOS attack conducted on 4/20/09 at 00:00 A.M. GMT was successful. Approximately 700-1000 people joined in on the attack. An archive of some of the raid resources can be found here: http://seedsofliberty.webs.com/firstattackarchive.htm. The date of attack was planned out on Friday April 17, 2009 at approximately 10:00 P.M. GMT. Several IRC channels were donated to the cause with one having over 400 people in it at the time of the attack. The raid was done in response to the verdict on the case of the founders of thepiratebay.org. 

Raid Result: Successful. Website was taken down for 4-5 hours.

'''News Sources'''

http://anonym.to/http://www.afterdawn.com/news/archive/17680.cfm

http://anonym.to/http://torrentfreak.com/ifpi-site-under-attack-by-pirate-bay-supporters-090420/

http://anonym.to/http://www.tomshardware.com/news/Pirate-Bay-Music-Industry-Hack,7575.html

http://anonym.to/http://cyberinsecure.com/music-industry-sites-ddosed-by-hacktivists-to-support-pirate-bay/

http://anonym.to/http://www.ireport.com/docs/DOC-246767

http://anonym.to/http://www.shareconnector.com/big-4-ifpi-under-online-attack

http://anonym.to/http://www.theregister.co.uk/2009/04/20/ddos_hacktivism_pirate_bay/

=== Second Raid ===
Target: www.maqs.com

Date: 4/23/09

Time: 00:00 A.M. / 12:00 A.M.

Description: Lasers were aimed at www.maqs.com. Lots of advertising newfaggotry went on in server. 
Some people are not able to understand the concept of a countdown and started to fire the lazers at [22:50]. www.maqs.com was hit by a botnet around 23:00, it went down pretty quick but went back up in around a half hour for the planned attack.

'''MAQS WENT DOWN ON OF 2009-04-23 00:36:08 GMT'''

Raid Result: Success: website was taken down twice during the night and the "under construction" page was down for a while after.

Some preliminary results from the first few minutes of the raid:

[http://anonym.to/http://i42.tinypic.com/20jipef.jpg http://i42.tinypic.com/20jipef.jpg]

By 12:40GMT (around) it seems www.maqs.com either disabled HTTPD, their host pulled their virtual server, or something similar.  Site was up, but there wasn't any content (serves their shared hosting's default under construction page). Later, the site's content was restored, and it is back to how it was before the raid.

== NEW RAID [ www.antipiratbyran.com | 80.68.100.200 ] ==

===DDoS===

====WHEN and WHERE====

'''NOTE''': Seems that as of ~23:24UTC http://anonym.to/http://www.antipiratbyran.com/ no longer redirects to 127.0.0.1 -- no idea wtf is going on with their DNS

'''NOTE''': Seems that as of ~23:00UTC '''http://anonym.to/http://www.antipiratbyran.com/ changed their DNS to redirect users to 127.0.0.1''' (I guess they're getting ready.) Although, we do have the IP of their shared host -> 80.68.100.200 <- that will be our target, unless things change.

'''Target''': http://anonym.to/http://www.antipiratbyran.com/ 

'''Target''': http://anonym.to/http://80.68.100.200/

'''When''': April 28th, 20:00GMT/UTC

'''When''': GMT is NOT different from UTC, nab. Check da timer next time.

'''When''': http://anyonym.to/http://www.timeanddate.com/counters/customcounter.html?month=4&day=28&year=2009&hour=20&min=00&sec=00&p0=0

====TOOLS====

'''BWRaep List''': [need new list]

:'''DONT run any BWrape scripts until the countdown is complete...we don't want them removing the files...'''

:'''BWRaep Downloads''': http://wat.spacediction.pl/

:'''PROTIP''':''' Page refreshers like http://anonym.to/http://atomiku.com/maqsflood  are shitty and inefficient. Use LOIC or EFC and set port to 80.'''

:'''For you Mac/Linux users and Windows users with Perl installed:'''

::'''extrapolate''' wrote an awesome BWrape Perl script that has multi-threading support ->> [[extras_wget_raper]] <<-

'''DDoSers''':

:'''EpicFailCannon:''' http://anonym.to/http://rs525.rapidshare.com/files/220841115/EpicFailCannon_FTFY.rar

:<s>'''/war/rior's Battle Cannon:''' http://anonym.to/http://vgchan.net/files/src/warriors_battle_cannon</s> Down, 404 Error Page.

:'''Perl SYN Flooder:''' http://anonym.to/http://pastebin.ca/1405679


'''Here is another script based on packet flood : http://anonym.to/http://pastebay.com/10979'''

*DDoS Tutorials:

http://anonym.to/http://seedsofliberty.webs.com

http://anonymous.pastebay.com/9605

http://anonym.to/http://pastey.org/pastebin.php?show=m4eb9ce78

===Black Faxes===

*Blow their shit up!  Send protest faxes from any of the below free fax websites to the numbers listed below or in the '''DOX''' section: 

:Here are some faxing images ready to use:
:
:http://anonym.to/http://anarchan.hvlug.dk/OB/res/25.html, 
:'''[http://anonym.to/http://serv1.mudoo.net/tpb.pdf Simple ''Pirate Bay'' PDF, compatible with all services]'''
:[http://anonym.to/http://sharebee.com/2c5b1942 Black Faxes(PDF)]
:[http://anonym.to/http://i39.tinypic.com/2e30l0n.png Anon is watching and dislikes what it sees] [http://anonym.to/http://img2.imageshack.us/img2/6710/anoniswatchingcmyk.png CMYK color version too]
:[http://anonym.to/http://anarchan.hvlug.dk/OB/src/124019422211.png Copyright to Piracy]
:[http://anonym.to/http://anarchan.hvlug.dk/OB/src/124021516280.png RIAA: Screwing Artists and Consumers Since 1952]
:
*Free fax services (without registering):

:<s>http://anonym.to/http://faxzero.com/</s>  Blocked by the MPAA. Use another.
:http://anonym.to/http://www.freepopfax.com/
:http://anonym.to/http://www.faxitnice.com/faxitnice/app/template/SendAFreeFax.vm?ComplimentaryFaxToken=IWantAFreeFax
:http://anonym.to/http://www.myfax.com/free/

*Free fax programs for use with a dial-up modem and physical telephone line: 

:http://anonym.to/http://rapidshare.com/files/66650585/free_callcenter_3.9.3.rar
:http://anonym.to/http://rapidshare.com/files/132756651/WinFax_Pro_V10_1_.0.3.rar

*Disposable Email (for confirmation)
:http://anonym.to/http://10minutemail.com/
:http://anonym.to/http://mailinator.com

*Focus faxes on:

:914-333-7541 (MPAA Anti-Piracy Office)
:+39-02-799673 (Italian Music Industry Federation)
:08-34 38 10 (Swedish Anti-Piratebay)
:+468-407-0910 (Monique Wadsted's Work, Why do we have it listed here?)

*Here's a complimentary Unicode character for the skull and bones:
<BIG><BIG><BIG><BIG>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;☠</BIG></BIG></BIG></BIG>

===Overload Reports===
Basically, spam the living shit out of the piracy report thingy
:http://www.mpaa.org/ReportPiracy/ReportPiracy.aspx


Is this form even getting submitted?

:See line 267 of source

:<input type="image" name="ImageButton1" id="ImageButton1" src="submit_button.gif" onclick="DisableButton();" style="border-width:0px;" />

:--> onclick="DisableButton();" <--

Yes it is being submitted, see the js function it calls:

function DisableButton() {
         -->    document.forms[0].submit(); <--
                window.setTimeout("disableButton('" + 
                   window.event.srcElement.id + "')", 0);
            }

It just stops people from accidentally clicking submit twice.

Update: It looks like either something is broken or they disabled the backend server for this form, trying to submit gets an error message now
<blockquote>
Server Error in '/ReportPiracy' Application.
A connection attempt failed because the connected party did not properly respond after a period of time, or established connection failed because connected host has failed to respond 216.116.109.240:80 
</blockquote>

===Shitty Products===
Target the media company's shitty products.  Look up products produced by media companies.  Tell people how shitty they are.  Make them lose money.

:http://anonym.to/http://www1.epinions.com/search/?submitted_form=searchbar&search_vertical=all&tax_name=&search_string=sony&searchbar_submit.x=0&searchbar_submit.y=0&searchbar_submit=Search

:http://anonym.to/http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_ss_gw?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=sony&x=0&y=0

:http://anonym.to/http://www.cdiscount.com/search/microsoft/sa-10.html

Moar!

===IRC===
Co-ordination and planning at:
 irc.AnonNet.org #TPB (Main Channel)
 irc.AnonNet.org #Baylout (Serious Discussion Channel)
 irc.Terogen.com #seedsofliberty (Main #2)

===Copyright nazis raping minds of our children in schools (copyrightalliance.org)===

http://anonym.to/?http://www.copyrightalliance.org/

This site is put up by the MAFIAA to coerce the educators into raping minds of our children. They encouraged Obama with filling the Department of Injustice with RIAA insiders. All anti-piracy outfits are member of this gang.

===Public Relations===

*We need hijack and upvote these social threads for maximum newfag exposure:

'''UPVOTE''': these articles/threads for maximum las0r newfag exposure (Remember to make your own threads for maximum spam):
 <s>http://anonym.to/http://digg.com/world_news/Operation_Baylout</s> <-- fuckn weak guyz, bury this shit, dont link to here.
 http://anonym.to/http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/8dja1/operation_public_pirate_pic/

'''UPVOTE''' General informative articles:
:http://anonym.to/http://digg.com/tech_news/Anonymous_and_The_Pirate_Bay
:http://anonym.to/http://digg.com/d1oz7x 
:http://anonym.to/http://digg.com/d1owyU 
:http://anonym.to/http://digg.com/d1orTk
:http://anonym.to/http://digg.com/music/Radiohead_to_Testify_Against_the_RIAA     <----Oh shit, an artist is testifying against the RIAA?
:http://anonym.to/http://digg.com/tech_news/Pirate_Bay_Verdict_What_s_Next 
:http://anonym.to/http://digg.com/tech_news/Swedes_Demonstrate_Against_Pirate_Bay_Verdict

'''HIJACK''': Propaganda

Paul McCartney, who thinks he is entitled to feed himself and his children from "a massive hit".
* http://anonym.to/?http://www.nme.com/news/paul-mccartney/44141 - 
* http://anonym.to/?http://www.ultimate-guitar.com/news/general_music_news/paul_mccartney_says_pirate_bay_verdict_was_fair.html
* http://anonym.to/?http://thequietus.com/articles/01516-paul-mccartney-praises-pirate-bay-verdict

OPERATION 'PUBLIC PIRATE'
Download either;

:http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/3902251/Wikipedia_-_Every_UK_Number_One_(1952_-_2007
DVD Size

:http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/4854226
CD Size

and burn the, 
(DVD) Songs to Disk.
(CD) Movie to Disk.

Print THIS label on disk.
:http://img24.imageshack.us/img24/2620/anonsdisk4.jpg

Then Distribute to public places, mailboxes, government building etc etc.

'''SEED''', Burn, and distribute the Operation Public Pirate .torrent (Site TOS Non-direct link): http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/8dja1/operation_public_pirate_pic/

*People with TPB accounts should leave comments to invite TPBfags.
http://www.wykop.pl/ramka/171578/operation-baylout-walcz-o-wolnosc [polish digg-like joined with 335 diggs so far]

Remember Jim Keyzer? http://thepiratebay.org/blog/112 Send a (nice, no threats) mail to his superior at Warner Brothers asking why they bought this cop and dumped him again: neil.boyd@warnerbros.com

Neil Boyd
Legal Counsel for Anti-Piracy Operations in EMEA,
Warner Bros.

Before joining Warner Bros. Anti-Piracy Group, Mr Boyd spent 7 years as Legal Advisor at the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI). He currently serves as Anti-Piracy
Counsel for the regions of Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) a post that he has held since October 2006.
https://webserv.c5groupinc.com/www_secure/conf_details.php?conf=5094&view=agen

===DOX===
*MAQs Lawfirm
:http://anonym.to/http://anonymous.pastebay.com/9460
:http://anonym.to/http://www.maqs.com/

*Monique Wadsted
:http://anonym.to/http://anonymous.pastebay.com/9387

*IFPI/MPAA/RIAA
:http://anonym.to/http://anonymous.pastebay.com/13287 (All data from previous links merged into one page for easier updating)
:http://anonym.to/http://consumerist.com/consumer/riaa/faces-of-the-riaa-244519.php

*Svenska Antipiratbyrån
:http://anonym.to/http://anonymous.pastebay.com/13293

*Italian Music Industry Federation
:http://anonym.to/http://anonymous.pastebay.com/13296

===Propaganda===

:{{#widget:YouTube|id=Wvjt-_YHDw4}}

:{{#widget:YouTube|id=ZBKLoam_o14}}

:{{#widget:YouTube|id=bvoj65vEwnU}}

:{{#widget:YouTube|id=KtWC_86bQiQ}}

:[http://anonym.to/http://anonymous.pastebay.com/9877 TXT compilation of basically everything you need]

:[http://www.mises.org/journals/jls/15_2/15_2_1.pdf Making copies is not stealing] <---- Exactly

:[http://anonym.to/?http://anonymous.pastebay.com/12000 17th of April, the International Day Against the Copyright Tyranny] - Please make a video with this text. Originally appeared on Russian IT community site Habrahabr.ru

{{Quote|We shall go on to the end, we shall fight in the forums, we shall fight on the servers and faxes, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength, we shall defend our torrents, whatever the cost may be, we shall fight on the networks, we shall fight on the image boards, we shall fight in the blogs and in the tubes, we shall fight in the chat rooms; we shall never surrender, and even if, which I do not for a moment believe, this community or any pirate community were subjugated and starving for warez, then our coalition amongst the tubes, armed with proxies, Epic Fail Cannons, and LOIC's and guarded by anonymous, would carry on the struggle, until, in good time, the rest of the internet, and the world, with all its power and might, steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the seeders.|-WINston Churchill}}

==External Links==
*[http://thepiratebay.org/ The Pirate Bay] <s>IT'S DOWN. WHY OH WHY</s> CHINA MUST TRY HARDER
*[http://anarchan.hvlug.dk/OB/ /OB/]
*[http://888chan.org/tpb/ /tph/]
*[http://i42.tinypic.com/15wap8y.jpg Perfect example on how not to do it.]
*[http://www.pp-international.net/ Pirate Party International (with links to the PP in different nations)]
[[Category:Raids]]


==Comments From Friends==
ps: i luv u guise
::We love you too!
:::MEH TOO
::::Love From The States
:::::Love from Ireland
::::::Love from England
:::::::Love from Norway
::::::::Love from America
:::::::::Love from the Principality of Sealand
::::::::::Love from Serbia
:::::::::::Love from Canada, eh
::::::::::::Love from Spain <3
:::::::::::::Love from Croatia ^^ <3
::::::::::::::More love from Canuckland
:::::::::::::::Kangaroo Rape from Australia
::::::::::::::::Love from TUNISIA  <3
:::::::::::::::::Love from Norway :3
::::::::::::::::::Love from SPACE!
:::::::::::::::::::Love from France !
::::::::::::::::::::Love from Battletoads
:::::::::::::::::::::Love from Norway :*<3 LEGALIZE PIRACY‼
::::::::::::::::::::::Love from Norway"
:::::::::::::::::::::::Love from Peru :3
::::::::::::::::::::::::Good day gentlemen, from the Queen's England!
:::::::::::::::::::::::::Love from Singapore <3
::::::::::::::::::::::::::Love from Finland
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::Love from Croatia
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::Love from Scotland
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::Love from Colombiaaaa :D
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::Love from Chile ‼
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::Love from 888chan
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::Love from Arizona
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::Love from Southwest Antarctica!
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::Love from Neo Domino City‼
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::Love from the Church of Scientology‼
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::Love from Maxwell
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::Love from USA
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::Love from 74.76.228.93
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::love from af
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::Love from Hungary! <3
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::Love from Morocco :)
::::::::::::::::::::::::::Love from Germany ♥
:::::::::::::::::::::::::Love from USA:< <s>support kopimi and open source!</s> This isnt your fucking adspace you nigger
::::::::::::::::::::::::Love from TRH
:::::::::::::::::::::::Love from Slovenia <3 <3
::::::::::::::::::::::Love from Estonia <3 <3 <3 :*
:::::::::::::::::::::Love From Northern Ireland FAGS <3
::::::::::::::::::::Love From JFC!
:::::::::::::::::::Love From Nottingham ROBIN HOOD LAND :D
::::::::::::::::::Love, BABY DONT HURT ME! DONT HURT ME, NO MOAR!
:::::::::::::::::Love From Holland
::::::::::::::::Love From (lazy) Italian! ;^)
:::::::::::::::Love from Utorrent
::::::::::::::Love from Fritzl
:::::::::::::Love from Germany ! inb4 Nazi
::::::::::::Love from Israel <3~
:::::::::::Love from Canada eh?