{{Template:Information/Media}}
<div style='width: 300px; position: relative; float: right;'>
* '''IRC'''
**irc.888chan.org #invasion


Visit http://anonym.to/http://888chan.org/i/res/53515.html for ongoing info.
</div>




==New Raid == 

#Make a [[Youtube]] Account.
#Upload some pr0n, and set it to PRIVATE.
#Repeat OVER 9000 times.
#Do this until June 12th, Friday
#On June 12th, Friday at 12PM EST, set as PUBLIC. (12PM EST is 11AM CDT for all you amerifags)
#Make sure to flag videos that are completely clean in order to make it difficult for the YouTube staff to find OUR videos.
#WATCH THEM GET RAEPED!
#?????
#PROFIT!


This is 12:00 PM EST (i.e., noon for you fags that can't tell the difference between PM and AM), for maximum effect. Flash Flood == moar fun.

Idea:  Spam the porn videos on Jonas Brothers, Hannah Montanna, etc. forums.  It would generate more rage.

==Considerations==
To avoid getting busted because of the thumbnail, insert some innocent-looking pic into the video and choose it as a thumbnail. You can choose start, middle or end.

Alternative: upload some innocent-looking video but with porn audio.

Also, do not upload all the videos at the same time. That would only make them easier to detect and remove.

When making private videos public, flag random videos to increase chaos and workload for Youtube.



==Extra Lulz==

Upload videos that appear normal to Hanna Montanna/Jonas Brothers forums, when they are actually loaded with porn.

Protip: Find a still image of your tag and place it at the exact centerpoint of the porn, so it will display as the icon.

==Old Raid==
Anytime you try to organize something on /b/, the set of steps must be simple so that your average /b/tard can follow the instructions without screwing things up.  Even still, you manage to get a few imbeciles who can't do anything right, but want to play along.  The key to this sort of raid is that you have to keep your instructions to under five steps:

1.	Create a fake email account and then create a new YouTube account.

2.	Upload porn to that account starting at June 13th, 12PM EST.

3.	Don't Tag the porn with the word “marblecake.” They find it way faster.

4.	Repeat.

5.      ?????

6.      PROFIT

Addendum:  If you are going to post CP, please do it as a response to Oprah.

===Variations===

While these simple rules seemed easy enough to follow for most people, many idiots managed to get their uploaded porn deleted before anybody had a chance to view, comment, or rate the videos.  Nevertheless, many smarter /b/tards realized that YouTube would begin to see the trend and start deleting anything with the tag “marblecake” attached to it.  This included not only the videos, but also the accounts and IP addresses that were attached to those videos.  A new mutation of the original plan had to be implemented.

===Video Tagging===
{{quote|Granny fisting?|Describing a video that displays puppies.}}
Via IRC and several threads on 4chan’s /b/ imageboard, people who wished to take part in this epic raid were asked to proceed using “marblecake” or in lieu of using newer tags.  
Some of the various tags used were:

1.	Jonas Brothers

2.	Twilight

3.	Swine Flu

4.	Britain’s Got Talent

5.	Hannah Montana

6.	Stephanie

7.	High School Musical

8.      FRED!!!! THAT FAGGOT MUST GO DOWN!!!!!

ADVICE FOR EVERYONE : USE GOOGLE TRENDS

Here's a list of french keywords (because frenchfags have the right to see this project):

Skyrock, Diam's, Eminem, Sarkozy, Martin Mystere, Transporteur 3, pute, racaille, difool, dora l'exploratrice(EDIT :french fag,u fucking sure for that one ?!), sinsemilia, kery james, clara morgane, kenza farah, beur, flo rida, SEXION D'ASSAUT, jamel debbouze, akon, sarah riani, la nouvelle stat, popstars, lorie, rigolo, kif, merde, bigard,


Here are some more tags that anon has been trying:

<pre>
http://anonym.to/http://pastebay.com/17037
</pre>

===Tools===

Here is a .rar containing scat vids less than 3 minutes long. 

Link: http://anonym.to/http://www.sendspace.com/file/4p9t2w Pass is loldongs :)

[http://anonym.to/http://www.sendspace.com/file/iwwob9 Here] is a .Rar containing 3 (2-3 minute) Non-nude clips of Hannah Montana, twilight, and Jonas brothers. password is: jewscat<br>
Also included is portable software used for cutting and joining the non-nude films with the porn, 2 separate files.<br> To get more videos, download them with Firefox add-ons.<br>Needs moar CP to post to Oprah

If on Linux use [http://anonym.to/http://www.pitivi.org/wiki/Downloads Pitivi] or [http://anonym.to/http://www.kdenlive.org/ Kdenlive] to splice the videos together. They should be located in most repos already.



Needs new rapidshit link.<<< [http://anonym.to/http://rapidshare.com/files/237216422/combo1.avi.html Here] is a video of Miley Cyrus' new video and then porn after 39 secs. >>>Needs new rapidshit link.

===Site Information===

==To Do==
Second Wave:
Continue uploading lots of porn videos over many different accounts. Set all the videos as private and then un-private them all on June 12, at noon EST.

Also, to make things a bit easier, could someone volunteer to write a script to upload vids?

Make it so people can't tell the difference between BBC, BBC Official, etc.

Make loads of fake BBC accounts - called Official BBC channel, BBC Youtube, etc.

Copy videos from BBC channel, and splice in porn after a few seconds. 

Un-private them all on June 12, 12pm EST.

Possible new idea - How about a reverse troll to add some more lulz to it, upload child cartoons/jonas brothers etc on youporn and the likes using the same method at the same time? they should think the youtube whiteknights did it as revenge and head over to youtube to rage

==Victories==
*http://anonym.to/http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/8061979.stm
*http://anonym.to/http://www.maximumpc.com/article/news/4chan_ebaumsworld_launch_pron_attack_against_youtube
*http://anonym.to/http://translate.google.com/translate?js=n&prev=_t&hl=no&ie=UTF-8&u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dagbladet.no%2F2009%2F05%2F22%2Fnyheter%2Futenriks%2Ftekno%2Fyoutube%2F6339549%2F&sl=no&tl=en&history_state0=
*http://anonym.to/http://translate.google.com/translate?js=n&prev=_t&hl=nl&ie=UTF-8&u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nu.nl%2Finternet%2F1967734%2Fpornofilmpjes-overspoelen-youtube.html&sl=nl&tl=en&history_state0=
*http://anonym.to/http://translate.google.cf/translate?prev=hp&hl=fr&js=n&u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.20minutes.fr%2Farticle%2F327675%2FHigh-Tech-Le-porn-day-seme-la-panique-sur-YouTube.php&sl=fr&tl=en&history_state0=
*http://anonym.to/http://www.pcworld.com/article/165440/youtube_yanks_thousands_of_porn_videos.html
*http://anonym.to/http://encyclopediadramatica.com/Operation_YouTube
*http://anonym.to/http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2009/may/22/youtube-porn-day
*http://anonym.to/http://news.cnet.com/8301-1009_3-10245847-83.html
*http://anonym.to/http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/news/youtube-rocked-by-hackers-porn-day-1689434.html
[[Category:Raids]]
[[Category:Current Raids]]
[[Category:Events]]