## Failed An Hero Attempt ##

hello /b/ im 18 years old and i wish to become an hero. I have been with the same girl for 3 years now and i do not see any point of living without her. this is not some copy pasta shit. look at the date. i am leaving her with this note. she is supposed to be here in about an hour.
You truly are the only thing i've ever wanted in my life. I realize that I cant keep thinking about you and waiting for you. My expectations are too high and I fear that I love you more than you will ever love me. You're so hurt and all I want to do is be there for you just like the old days but it seems that you wont allow yourself to be with me. I still feel like you're trying to hold on to me by telling me you love me but I don't think I'm in your heart the same way as you are in mine anymore. I'm afraid of waiting and rejection. I don't want to be hurt anymore. As much as I don't want to let go, I know I can't get in too deep again. I've already said this about a few times but I have a lot to back me up now. I've been through a lot and I know I can move on with a clear consious. this isn't over because of something I did wrong, or because I gave up without trying. I did try and moving on has been a big hurdle for me to get over. Saying goodbye is so hard this time because i know it has to be real. This hurts so much more than i could have ever imagined. I really thought for a long time that we would be married someday. You are my first and only love, and I will never forget all of the good, and the bad times, all the laughs and all the jokes we've shared. The many places we have gone and all the things we have done. Jessica, you have influenced my life in so many ways and you're the thing that kept me going in the hardest of times. I don't know who I'd be right now if you were not in my life.
with love, Jeremy goodbye /b/