<div style='width: 300px; position: relative; float: right;'>
'''IRC'''
*[irc://irc.anonnet.org:6667/fredraid irc.anonnet.org  #fredraid]
</div>'''Fred''' is a YouTube celebrity.  He has the most subscribers on YouTube.  He uploads sped-up videos of his spewing nonsense in a way that is comparable to Boxxy.

== General information ==

*'''Name:''' Lucas Cruikshank
*'''Age:''' 15
*'''DOB:''' August 29, 1993
*'''Location:''' Columbus, Nebraska, US
*'''School:''' Lakeview High School (unconfirmed)
*'''Address:'''
*'''Phone Number''' (402)-563-1091 (unconfirmed)
**Rr 3 #162
**7554 48th Ave
**Columbus, NE 68601 (unconfirmed)
***Hay guise, he has plenty of footage of himself outside with reasonably distinct landmarks in the background, compare footage to Google maps photos?)
** I did [http://maps.google.com/maps?f=q&source=s_q&hl=en&q=7554+48th+Ave,+Columbus,+Platte,+Nebraska+68601&sll=37.0625,-95.677068&sspn=55.674612,114.257812&ie=UTF8&cd=3&geocode=Fc4UeQIddPsx-g&split=0&t=h&ll=41.489963,-97.387469&spn=0.003255,0.006974&z=18 and google maps seems to check out fairly accurately.]  Even his porch and shit.

=== Confirmed false ===

'''Note:''' Everything in this section has been confirmed to be false.

*'''Phone:''' (402) 563-3065
*'''Phone:''' (402) 563-3405

== Other People ==
=== Friends ===
Find em'
=== Neighbours ===
     B Zegar
     4185 48th Ave
     Columbus, NE 68601-8827
     (402) 564-1888
     Household: M Zegar

     M Zegar
     4185 48th Ave
     Columbus, NE 68601-8827
     (402) 564-1888
     Household: B Zegar

     Greg D Luchsinger
     5160 48th Ave
     Columbus, NE 68601-8446
     (402) 563-2841
     Household: Lauri A Luchsinger

     Lauri A Luchsinger
     5160 48th Ave
     Columbus, NE 68601-8446
     (402) 563-2841
     Household: Greg D Luchsinger

     Verlyn L Stuefer
     5354 48th Ave
     Columbus, NE 68601-8448
     (402) 562-6946

     Quay Stuefer
     5998 48th Ave
     Columbus, NE 68601-8445
     (402) 564-2057

     Gary A Harris
     6059 48th Ave
     Columbus, NE 68601-8355
     (402) 564-3685

== JKL Productions ==
Lucas used to be in this faggotory comedy group, but then quit because he was busy with "Fred". It now consists of Jon Smet and Katie.
{{Quote|Hey everyone, Lucas did quit, but because he's gotten very busy with Fred and other projects. He deleted his videos since he wasn't apart of the group anymore. We didn't get in a fight.|YouTube}}

JKL stands for: '''Jon, Kate, Lucas'''.

=== Jon ===
'''Info'''
*'''Name:''' Jon Smet (unconfirmed real name)
**No records of "Smet" living nearby to Lucas.
*'''Age:''' 
*'''Location:''' Minnesota
*'''References:'''
**[http://anonym.to/?http://twitter.com/JKL_Jon Twitter]
**[http://anonym.to/?http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0806840/ IMDb]
'''Usernames'''
*JKL_Jon
     JKL_Jon on Twitter
     uhhh i don't know how that last twitter got sent out or who wrote it lol, must've been the twitterghost
     23 minutes ago from web
     supermac18
     about 7 hours ago from web
(4:49am 11th April GMT)
*I'm not sure if he's being serious, but someone might have his twitter password?

=== Katie ===
'''Info'''
*'''Name:''' Katie...
*'''Age:''' 
*'''References:'''
**[http://anonym.to/?http://twitter.com/JKL_Katie Twitter]
'''Usernames'''
*JKL_Katie

===External===
For business inquiries email jklproduction@hotmail.com 
*[http://anonym.to/?http://www.youtube.com/user/jklproduction YouTube]

*[http://anonym.to/?http://www.myspace.com/jklproductions JKL on MySpace]
*[http://anonym.to/?http://www.justin.tv/jklproductions JKL Live]


== Family ==

=== Immediate family ===

*'''Mother:''' Molly Jeanne Cruikshank
**Age: 42 (unconfirmed)
**See above for address
*'''Father:''' David Alan Cruikshank
**Age: 44 (unconfirmed)
**See above for address
*'''Sister:''' Maria Ann Cruikshank
     3460 53rd Ave, Apt 6
     Columbus, NE 68601-1582
     Unknown phone number
*'''Sister:''' Emily Cruikshank
*'''Unknown:''' Stephanie R Cruikshank

'''Note:''' Lucas has three brothers (~6yo, ~6yo, ??) and four sisters (??, ??, ??, ??).

==Websites==
===Hosting===
[http://pastebin.ca/1386881 This pastebin] is a list of websites that are hosted under the same IP Address (70.84.7.114) as jklworld.com. If we could hack into any of those sites in the list, we could quite possibly gain root access and get into jklworld.com.

Header information of every site under that IP:
     Date: Fri, 10 Apr 2009 06:14:06 GMT
     Server: Apache/2.2.11 (Unix) mod_ssl/2.2.11 OpenSSL/0.9.8i DAV/2 mod_auth_passthrough/2.1 mod_bwlimited/1.4 FrontPage/5.0.2.2635
     Allow: GET,HEAD,POST,OPTIONS

Registrant information:
    Registration Service Provider:
    name: Host Color LLC 
    tel: +1.8882221495
    fax: +1.8882221495
    web:http://www.hostcolor.com

    OrgName:    ThePlanet.com Internet Services, Inc. 
    OrgID:      TPCM
    Address:    315 Capitol
    Address:    Suite 205
    City:       Houston
    StateProv:  TX
    PostalCode: 77002
    Country:    US

===FTP===
If you connect to many times to the ftp servers, you'll get blocked from connection to the website. So brute forcing is almost impossible.
     220---------- Welcome to Pure-FTPd [TLS] ----------
     220-You are user number 2 of 50 allowed.
     220-Local time is now 01:05. Server port: 21.
     220 You will be disconnected after 15 minutes of inactivity.
2 users are connected to ftp.jklworld.com? (6:06am 10th April GMT)
     
     220---------- Welcome to Pure-FTPd [TLS] ----------
     220-You are user number 4 of 50 allowed.
     220-Local time is now 01:18. Server port: 21.
     220 You will be disconnected after 15 minutes of inactivity.
4 users are connected to ftp.jklworld.com now? (6:19am 10th April GMT)
*Note this could be just another anon's attempt. But no mention of this is in the IRC or anywhere.

     220---------- Welcome to Pure-FTPd [TLS] ----------
     220-You are user number 3 of 50 allowed.
     220-Local time is now 06:52. Server port: 21.
     220 You will be disconnected after 15 minutes of inactivity.
What the shit? (11:53am 10th April GMT)

Valid FTP servers are:
*ftp.jklworld.com
*ftp.lucascruikshank.org

This info could be helpful somehow...

== Usernames ==
*Fred Figglehorn (alias, character)
*t0nydehtigeh (AIM / unconfirmed / unlikely)
*jklproduction@hotmail.com (linked to paypal)
*fred@fredfigglehorn.com (on fredfigglehorn.com contact page)
*lucascruikshank@hotmail.com (email / probable)
**Public email that is probably spammed by fanbois

== Images ==
'''Note:''' Almost all photos are public domain.
*[http://img403.imageshack.us/img403/5591/emilyandmemh4.jpg Fred and Emily]
*[http://img7.imageshack.us/img7/3896/faggitsf7.jpg Fred looking like the fucking retard with down syndrome that he is]

== Shoops ==
*[http://rapidshare.com/files/219546402/dosomethingwiththis.rar.html Shooped Video]

== External links ==
*[http://anonym.to/?http://www.myspace.com/fred Fred's Myspace]
*[http://anonym.to/?http://www.myspace.com/jklproductions JKL Myspace]
*[http://anonym.to/?http://www.youtube.com/user/Fred Fred's YouTube channel]
*[http://anonym.to/?http://www.cafepress.com/jklproductions JKL Store on CafePress.. Empty but legit]
*[http://anonym.to/?http://www.youtube.com/user/Lucas Lucas's Personal YouTube channel]
*[http://anonym.to/?http://www.FredFigglehorn.com Fred's website]
*[http://anonym.to/?http://www.lucascruikshank.org Lucas Site]
*[http://anonym.to/?http://www.ibeatyou.com/user/FRED iBeatYou.com shit - YouTube linked to it]
*[http://anonym.to/?http://twitter.com/LucasCruikshank Fred's Twitter]
*[http://anonym.to/?http://www.facebook.com/pages/Fred-Figglehorn/27598034671 Fred's Facebook account] (unconfirmed)
*[http://anonym.to/?http://www.myspace.com/lucascruikshank Lucas's MySpace account] (confirmed)
*[http://anonym.to/?http://encyclopediadramatica.com/Fred Encyclopedia Dramatica's article on Fred]
*[http://anonym.to/?http://www2.ljworld.com/news/2007/jul/05/productions_young_trio_nebraska_gaining_following_/ Fred in the news]
* most likely fake/fan made [http://anonym.to/?http://fredfigglehorn.deviantart.com/ DevianTARTlet page]