JesseDew is a 30 year old with the brain of a 16 year old emo whose dad just denied the car keys. Rather than just have a MySpace and Stickam, this emofag has set up an entire site to his name. Live from the internet, ladies and gentlemen, JesseDew!

What began as a few routine raids for quick lulz fixes became quite epic as Jesse started bawwwwwwing. Anon/i/mous was quick to record these sessions, and the mental breakdown can be seen here in the external links section below

Since then, at a regular pace, Jesse logs back on hoping anonymous has forgiven, only to be very disappointed and end up smashing his cam. Fo realz. Have we gone too far? Who the fuck cares.

=Protips=

* It doesn't take much to send this guy into hissy fits. Just go to his site and text troll.
**Extra lulz, keep mentioning the following terms, mudkips, "the cage", Barry, nipples 
* The chat on his site is an IRC. To sign in is a bitch.
**1. First, sign in using the Options button on the site.
**2. Once authenticated, click the Options button again and click Users. At the bottom of the little window that pops up will be a long ass password like a6491e2e52f7f32624249afd24beb5c5a09989a3
**3. Join using IRC client. Server: duke.justin.tv or irc.justin.tv
**4. Type /identify [username] [longasspassword].
**5. Join the channel: #thechophouse 
*Public use login for his site
**[Username] Anonymoususer [Password] passwordlulz

=Personal info=

<pre>
E-mail: JesseDew@gmail.com
IP: 69.121.162.225
IRC nick: thechophouse
IRC mask: jessedew@Justin.TV-25fa2d0d.dyn.optonline.net
ISP: Optimum Online (Cablevision Systems) - http://anonym.to/http://www.optimum.com/

Location: SAYS he's in Manhattan, NYC
          IP resolved to Bronx, NY and Stratham, CT, depending on geolocator site
          Has a Noo Yawk accent, so prolly NY
</pre>

=Resources=

Here's a quick excerpt from his blog in case he takes it down:

<pre>
Name: Jesse JesseDew@gmail.com 
Education: University Student
Favorite TV Shows: Weeds, Big Love, Antiques Roadshow, Chapelle Show, engineering and custom vehicle oriented shows.

Whats up with the name JesseDew?: Ask my friend Dan. Comic 

BIG NEWS!: I have found a sponsor to pay for a broadband card. We are looking for a tech savvy person to consult with. 
Get ready for the world broadcast premier of my life in Manhattan. 

FAQ: 
Q.Why are you so rude? A.You would also be rude if people were always contacting you without permission. 
Q.Why do you post stream if you don't want anyone to look at you? A. You won't understand my reasons so leave me the hell alone! 
</pre>

=External links=

* [http://anonym.to/http://www.justin.tv/thechophouse his shitty stream on justin.tv]
* [http://anonym.to/http://encyclopediadramatica.com/JesseDew Encyclopedia Dramatica article]
* Youtube vids:
** [http://anonym.to/http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbGl0L4BYNQ Mental breakdown 1] and [http://anonym.to/http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18Mlbjj5aGA 2]
** [http://anonym.to/http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=echIXYBjoJI Pissed cos anon wouldn't stop spamming, camrape, goldmine]

[[Category:Emo Holocaust]]