<noinclude>{{Kopipe category|Mitchell|Ipod kid who lost his life tragically.}}</noinclude>
== Mitchell ==

=== An Hero ===

He was such an hero, to take it all away. We miss him so, That you should know, And we honor him this day. He was an hero, to take that shot, to leave us all behind. God do we wish we could take it back, And now he's on our minds. Mitchell was an hero, to leave us feeling like this, Our minds are rubber, our joints don't work, Our tears fall into abyss. He was an hero, to take that shot, In life it wasn't his task, He shouldn't have had to go that way, before a decade'd past. Now he sits there in my heart, this hero of mine, Always there to make me smile, Make me feel just fine. He had courage,that boy did, courage in his heart. To take that shot, To end his pain, To tear us all apart. But in the end, he died in courage. Lacking, nevermore, He died a hero, Mitchell did, And we'll love him forevermore. We love you like a brother. We miss you so much. We will always love you, kid. Rest In Peace Mitch. 

=== I mock the dead ===

Personally, I think this is terrible. But I still laugh my stupid ass off everytime I see it. A middle-schooler, who shot himself, with a fucking gun to his head. I laughed my fucking ass off. I really don't like where this is going.

I laugh because I think it's funny. WHY. Why is this so fucking out-of-my-mind hilarious? This is awful, the most awful thing I've done in a long time. Look at me, look at US. We've fallen so far as to come hear and poke fun of suicide and death?

It's pretty fucking stupid that he shot himself over loosing his iPod, sure, but this kid is DEAD. He's gone, an entire life decimated. And here we are. Alive, and making jokes about how fucking cool it is that he shot himself.

Do you even look in the mirror everyday? Do you see what looks back at you? A person who says "LOL AN HERO STUPID FUCKER" and constantly belittle the people who mourn his death (as retarded as they are, I admit.)

This kid was somebody's son. Somebody's grandkid. Somebody's hopes and dreams in mortal coil. And they're gone. And all we can do is laugh. We laugh at their relative's misery, we chuckle at his community's loss.

Someday, sometime, we're going to have to get off the keyboard, look in that bathroom mirror, and tell yourself "I mock the dead." 

=== R.I.P Mitch ===

mitch, i never even knew u this dude off of runescape gave me ur myspace link, i saw it, and of course i cried, i know what u did, ive been through rough times too, but i just wanted to say im srry to all ur friends, and mitch even though i didnt know u i felt like ive known u for years after i saw ur myspace page rest in peace buddy....