== Operation: Free the Porn ==

as of mid june, the state of Tennessee has decided to make itself a target lulzcow by banning images which anyone could find offensive from their series of tubes. info here:
http://anonym.to/http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/news/2011/06/tenn-law-bans-posting-images-that-cause-emotional-distress.ars

the site states that "A new Tennessee law makes it a crime to "transmit or display an image" online that is likely to "frighten, intimidate or cause emotional distress" to someone who sees it. Violations can get you almost a year in jail time or up to $2500 in fines.

The Tennessee legislature has been busy updating its laws for the Internet age, and not always for the better. Last week we reported on a bill that updated Tennessee's theft-of-service laws to include "subscription entertainment services" like Netflix.

The ban on distressing images, which was signed by Gov. Bill Haslam last week, is also an update to existing law. Tennessee law already made it a crime to make phone calls, send emails, or otherwise communicate directly with someone in a manner the sender "reasonably should know" would "cause emotional distress" to the recipient. If the communciation lacked a "legitimate purpose," the sender faced jail time."

further http://anonym.to/http://www.digitaltrends.com/social-media/tennessee-cracks-down-on-distressing-images-online/ states "The state of Tennessee is taking action against what can be considered emotionally harmful Internet images. At the end of May, Governor Bill Haslam signed HB 300, a bill that wants to cut down on the transmission of electronic “distressing images.” Of course, the bill’s wording has been interpreted to sound much more unconstitutional than it actually may be (or is intended to be).

According to various tech sites and blogs, Tennessee has now banned distressing images from the Internet and that anyone responsible for posting such content is punishable by law (up to a year in jail or $2,500 in fines). In reality, the bill is an amendment to the state’s definition of criminal harassment. “This bill adds communicating about a person, or transmitting or displaying an image by electronic device to the types of conduct that will constitute harassment when done with the requisite intent [as described].” From the sounds of it, HB 300 is attempting to thwart cyber bullies or criminals attempting to intimidate victims with offensive images. Unfortunately, the bill raises censorship concerns by failing to specify who could be found guilty. It doesn’t only apply to those who deliberately post images with the intention of one individual seeing them; it applies to anyone who may put up a picture that causes any Internet user who happens across is distress. The legislation is so broad that a number of people could be found guilty, and there’s no distinct definition about what is or what isn’t considered offensive or harmful."

the obvious effect of this is that anyone can have any type of porn in general banned just because anyone found it offensive. many types of porn have already been effectively blocked from the area. if censorship is the price of the comfort of the elite, im not willing to pay, and especially not with my prawnz.


so, for the anons of Tennessee, and for lulz everywhere, the raid is on!