<div style='width: 300px; position: relative; float: right;'>
* '''IRC'''
**irc.AnonNet.org #SWINE
**'''NEWFAGS USE-->'''Web connect: http://anonym.to/http://anonnet.org/webirc/swine
</div>

CALM THE FUCK DOWN, SWINE FLU PANDEMIC HAS NOW BEGAN, YOU WILL PROBALLY DIE IN TWO DAYS.


TL;DR:

We are sick of the media blowing up the "pig flu pandemic" in great proportions. Using this to spread fear for gaining more profit.

Time to prove they do not check their sources thoroughly on a delicate subject throughout the world. 

By posting information on cases about the new epidemic 'the Swine Flu' a shitstorm will occur. 

<del>Time to pay the media back once and for all. </del>

Fuck the media.

We do this for the lulz.


==Background==

Fellow Anonymous. As you are no doubt aware, our
beloved image board's cancer has gone from bad to worse.
Who is to blame? As you are no doubt aware, Faux News, the
network for gullible Republicans, recently published an article
on anonymous leading to many fagots, niggers, cancerbats and furries
finding their way to /b/.

Being the intelligent and discerning /b/tards that you are, you
are also probably aware that today's journalism is full of PR,
Propaganda, distortion and Scaremongering. Today we begin our strike
back at this Mass-Produced ignorance. The "Pig-Flu" story has
led to many lulzworthy headlines, but not the the extent that
the entire News industry has been ridiculed.

Our attack will be relentless. We will post fake stories of the Flu's outbreak,
shoop pictures of the "deadly virus", and spread hearsay everywhere
we go, until Newspapers are printing headlines heralding he Zombie
Apocalypse and until Faux News and all the other News Firms are
exposed to be the failures that they are.

We begin by posting hearsay and pseudo-science on the web pages of the
Right Wing Press (Known to never check their sources." It will be
a matter of time until they blow this out of proportion and the
panic of a flu pandemic grips the world.

Don't fuck this up /b/, do this subtly. Do it for the lulz.

The news is the main provider of information around the world. All information provided to civilians around the world should be true non propagandist or misleading. We as civilians on this earth deserve the truth. However the media fails to provide us with correct information. Today we shall prove this. We shall explore the media's gullible ways and prove to the world that they are a misleading source of information. This act is for everyone, in the world.

==Tools==

IRC:
irc.anonnet.org #swine 
http://anonym.to/http://anonnet.org/webirc/swine

Anonymous Email:
http://anonym.to/http://www.sendanonymousemail.net/

Facebook Group:
http://anonym.to/http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=37862008276

===Symptoms===
The symptoms of swine flu in people are similar to the symptoms of regular human flu and include fever, cough, sore throat, body aches, headache, chills and fatigue. Some people have reported diarrhea and vomiting associated with swine flu. In the past, severe illness (pneumonia and respiratory failure) and deaths have been reported with swine flu infection in people. Symptoms can be compared to those of an allergy, rashes may also occur in severe cases however this is currently unconfirmed.

(Use this to your advantage!)

===Flyers===
Use these flyers to hang up in public places:

CDC (US) http://img21.imageshack.us/img21/9933/h1n1.jpg

Danmark http://img8.imageshack.us/img8/8974/24674207.png

Deuschland Updated version (Replaced outdated legal info with more accurate one): http://img129.imageshack.us/img129/2723/swineflupostergermany.jpg  
:Original poster: http://img19.imageshack.us/img19/8828/67900677.jpg

Nederlander http://img5.imageshack.us/img5/4760/dutchx.png
:http://img11.imageshack.us/img11/4262/dutch2.jpg

Brasil http://img19.imageshack.us/img19/2791/brasilp.jpg
:http://img80.imageshack.us/img80/1629/brasil2.jpg

New Zealand http://img22.imageshack.us/img22/8158/65134660.jpg <-- Hey ebaums, this is wrong has Americunt English on it redo it faggots, fail.

United Kingdom http://img14.imageshack.us/img14/6703/ukswinefluposter.png

Australian http://img398.imageshack.us/img398/7848/1241225408436.jpg
:http://img10.imageshack.us/img10/2280/aus2.jpg
:http://img15.imageshack.us/img15/6030/aus3q.jpg

Swede http://img11.imageshack.us/img11/8262/swede2.jpg
:http://img12.imageshack.us/img12/866/swede.jpg

Italy http://img219.imageshack.us/img219/5646/italyr.jpg

Russia (I think) http://img15.imageshack.us/img15/2788/rus.png <-- the corners look gay

Canada http://img8.imageshack.us/img8/6312/33851165.png

Ireland http://img7.imageshack.us/img7/9756/iris.png

==Attack==

===Step One: The Media===
Go to the following places and give them false tips of the Swine Flu in your local area (and that two or three have died)
Send the fake flu tips to everyone.

====Websites====
http://anonym.to/http://flutrackers.com/forum/

http://anonym.to/http://www.tbn.org/index.php/9/48.html

http://anonym.to/http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8020676.stm

http://anonym.to/http://drudgereport.com/

http://anonym.to/http://www.cnn.com/feedback/tips/newstips.html

http://anonym.to/http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,77538,00.html

http://anonym.to/http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/news/article2397493.ece

http://anonym.to/http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/10285339/

http://anonym.to/http://www.usatoday.com/news/health/2009-04-27-swine-flu-states_N.htm

http://anonym.to/http://mbl.is

http://anonym.to/http://visir.is

http://anonym.to/http://www.pigflumap.com/

http://anonym.to/http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beaumont,_Texas

====Contact Details====
Newstip@globe.com - Boston Globe tips

1-800-CDC-INFO (1-800-232-4636) - CDC Swine Flu Report

770-488-7100 - Medical Profession report a case of Swine Flu.

(617) 619-6789 , letterstoeditor@bostonherald.com - Tip phone number, letters to the editor email for Boston Herald.

Letters@phx.com - Pheonix Media

http://anonym.to/http://www.statesman.com/search/content/feedback/printnationworld.html?http://www.statesman.com/ - Tip form for the News and World newsroom of the Austin Statesman

newstips@nytimes.com

letters@nypost.com

Letters@time.com

http://anonym.to/http://www.myfoxboston.com/subindex/about_us/contact_us - Contact form for the biggest Boston news station

Nationalnews@miamiherald.com

drudge@drudgereport.com

tips@tribune.com - Chicago tribune

rmccormick@dailypress.com]

letters@baltsun.com

Roger.smith@latimes.com

http://anonym.to/http://www.orlandosentinel.com/services/orl-newstips-form,0,2224978.customform - orlando sentinel newstips

editor@vagazette.com - Virginia Gazette tips

kevin.amerman@mcall.com - Morning Call

letters@washpost.com

===Step Two: The Sources And Christians===
Raid www.wikipedia.org - Using provided logins or your own, give false reports on the flu causing massive shitstorm for wiki readers. Wikipedia will be a large provider of information for the flu for everyone, get this right and the raid will be a success.

http://anonym.to/http://www.tbn.org/index.php/9/48.html Send a prayer out to family members,relatives, civilians suffering from the flu. 

Inform people on http://anonym.to/http://answers.yahoo.com of fake information regarding people infected with the flu.

===Step Three: Social Network Attack===
Social Network raid, post personal concerns for the flu virus and suspected infected family members, friends etc. Fast way to get information around to many people.

FaceBook Group: http://anonym.to/http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=37862008276 (spread lulz here)

===Step Four: Public Raid===
Public Raid, on buses, trains discuss the flu talking of how relatives are currently suffering. Spread shit among friends. Start rumors. Begin handing out masks to public in masses. The public is the key to causing shitstorm. Wear masks casually, this also keeps you anonymous but causes shitstorm.

==Success==

===Twitter===
CNN Announces confusion on Twitter: http://anonym.to/http://edition.cnn.com/2009/TECH/04/27/swine.flu.twitter/index.html?iref=mpstoryview

==Future==
Support the riot with your epic ideas.


irc.AnonNet.org #SWINE

NEWFAGS USE-->Web connect: http://anonym.to/http://anonnet.org/webirc/swine

==COMMENTS==
:Hai
::sup brahz
:::sup niggers
::::dont give up guise
:::::God dammit, anons.. remember the fucking rules.  The fact that /b/ is engineering this whole thing should never be allowed to escape, if this thing should ever be exposed.

[[Category:Raids]]