'''JOIN IRC NOW #rapidfail on irc.partyvan.us'''

=Operation Rapidfail=
Operation Rapidfail is an ongoing phishing project for the Partyvan network. It is a user-ran give and take operation. The goal is to provide free accounts for many people and to continue to have our database grow at the same time.

Feel free to join us at irc.partyvan.org #rapidfail

==How it works?==
It is very simple, all you need to do to continue to get rapidshare accounts is to contribute to the project. This can work in the form of three ways, management, templates, or posting. Posting is required to keep this project running.

Continue to spread the word to people and they will join the cause, tell them that active contributers will get accounts to use. Post on as many *chan boards that you can, let them in on this. Show them this article, and bring them to the room.

It is a give/take system. You post some stuff on active forums and boards, and then do a screenshot of it or give a mod a link to the post. Once the phishes come in, a few people (including you) get account names and passwords. If you change the rapidshares password, you will be caught and instabanned from the system.

If you are a wuss (lolfaggot), editing the wiki may redeem you points if you do significant edits.

==How To==
Current Phish Page: <s>http://ssl.6rapidshare.com.prmzon27.cgi.googlepages.com/rapidsharepremium.html?RANDOM7DIGITNUMBER/FILENAMEHERE.AVI</s> Site got owned, use this; <s>http://beat-filtering.987mb.com/rapidshare/premiumzone.html</s> Dead


Go to recommended websites in the wiki or websites that would require people posting rapidshares i.e. Warez blogs.

Now when posting your links there are many things that you must keep in mind.

===Guidelines for Account Usage===

* Only download with the account
* Do not upload on the account
* Check the [http://lix.in/68146384 RapidShare Premium-Zone site] frequently with the account to see how much has been downloaded, if it is close to 25GB, wait 5 days before downloading to prevent b& or frozen account.
* Do not use the account over too many IPs or RapidShare will take action (b&)
* Do not change the password of the account
* Do not change any information or options of the account 

===Phishing Tips===

* Files are 100MB MAX. This means most files are multi-parted. You will want to put your links to look like: 

  http://ssl.6rapidshare.com.prmzon27.cgi.googlepages.com/rapidsharepremium.html?1234567/holyshit.part1.rar
  http://ssl.6rapidshare.com.prmzon27.cgi.googlepages.com/rapidsharepremium.html?1414567/holyshit.part2.rar

* If you are posting on a forum, remember that forums have a BB coding system. This will allow you to mask your links. 

For example:

  [url=http://ssl.6rapidshare.com.prmzon27.cgi.googlepages.com/rapidsharepremium.html]http://rapidshare.com/2342451/filename.rar[/url]

This will appear to the user to be a legitimate link.

* Try to use images. Some example images can be found in [[Talk:Operation Rapidfail|Discussions]] page.

* If you are posting on blogs, use a service like tinyurl to hide your link. This won't work for those whom are smart but dumbasses will get caught out. 

See here for a [http://img88.imageshack.us/img88/8589/pornbbpostha8.png Phishing Example].

====Link Disguisers====
* http://tinyurl.com/
* http://lix.in/
* http://link-protector.com/
* http://www.3warez.com/hide/
* http://nig.gr/

===Phished Rapidshare Account Tips===

* Do NOT change any settings. Users will notice and we will lose accounts. Just don't do it. 

* Make sure to check the usage. When 25gig is near being used within 5 days, do NOT touch the account. When accounts hit 25gig they start being monitored for multiple IP's. If they are detected, the account is shut down. 

* When making new accounts with points, make sure you get behind a nice proxy. 

==Criteria For a Good Site==

# Low moderation or none at all.
# Rapidshare links must be commonly or at least often used there
# Active member base on the sites (means check dates of last posts if it says anything less than 2008 then do not list the link here)
# Allow anonymous posting. (No sites that require registering, unless it requires no email verification.) If it does, you can still try using a disposable email service, but still be behind a proxy for the email site (phishing is srz bsnz). A good one is GuerillaMail (link) 

=Links=
* [[Pr0xies|Partyvan Proxy List]]
* [http://webproxy.emptv.com/export?format=squidguard SquidGuard Proxy List]
* [http://pastebin.ca/847671 Temporary Emails for Temporaryinbox.com]
* [http://10minutemail.com/10MinuteMail/index.html Temporary email generator from 10minutemail.com]
* [http://slopsbox.com/ Another temporary email slopsbox.com]
* [http://www.mailinator.com/ http://www.mailinator.com/ A good temp email address with multiple url names]
* [http://www.lortemail.dk/ Anon inbox. If you using anon@lortemail.dk -> You should use http://lortemail.dk/?mode=anon to check the inbox instantly.
* [http://www.trashmail.net/ <--Good forwarding Serviez. NO ITS NOT: "Remember: This is not an anonymous mail service. All server information is logged and passed in case of complaints." 

=Victims=
* [http://anonym.to/?http://pornbb.org http://pornbb.org] ''- Use TOR/Proxies, post in as many sections as you can.''
* [http://anonym.to/?http://rlslog.net http://rlslog.net] ''- A blog about the latest scene releases. Comment with rapidshare mirrors of files. It does not allow bbcode so use a link disguiser''
* http://katz.cd ''- Follow the Katz.cd Affiliation of Warez Sites

[[Category:Projects]]