Operation: Freedom started in light of recent events such as ICE seizing a multitude of torrent sites and S. 3804: Combating Online Infringement and Counterfeits Act.
== Strategies==
This could be brilliant or stupid depending on execution and methods. Obviously, being 1337 h4xx0rz against them is going to get you v&, but that's not the worst part. The worst part is, depending on what you do, it'll effectively work as a false flag against us. The blowback would be immense. Note how they attack the internet through 3 primary nodes of propaganda:
1) we're protecting you from terrorists
2) we're protecting your children from sick fucks
3) we're protecting your property from pirates

==Chans==
*http://boards.8chan.us/i/res/1419.html
*http://rockstararmy.com/i/res/3227.html


Anything that gives fodder to the above points should be avoided. With politicians and public figures, we just need to find or manufacture some unspeakable stain in their past. Yes, I'm talking blackmail. They don't want to play nice? We won't be civilized about the matter either. We need to utterly destroy the public image of public figures and make them toxic to constituents. We need to expose lobbyists and special interests likewise so they have to operate in broad day instead of the shadows. We need to leak fucking everything about their backroom deals, and we need to destroy their business prospects. Our MO should be: you censor our internets, we censor your profits, public image, votebase, legal status, and everything else. Most of these people are insanely crooked anyway, so we just need to figure out what criminal/immoral things they've done and threaten to air their dirty laundry publicly if they continue waging war against our tubes.

Tools: We need to dox and dig up dirt
*'''[http://www.whitepages.com/person Whitepages People Search]''' - Search for people in the US/Canada by name / location / state / age.  
*'''[http://www.whitepages.com/reverse-lookup Whitepages Reverse Look-up]''' - Got a telephone number & need to find the owner? Use the reverse lookup to get the owners address with landlines or carrier & general location with cellphones.
*'''[http://www.whitepages.com/find_neighbors Whitepages Neighbour Finder]''' - Need to confirm dox? send [http://www.trojancondoms.com/Product/FreeSample.aspx condoms] & [http://www.astroglide.com/SampleRequest.asp lube] to them in the targets name or simply to generally harass them via telephone.
*'''[http://www.zabasearch.com/ Zaba Search]''' - No Success with Whitepages? Try this 
*'''[http://www.criminalsearches.com/ Criminal Record Searches]''' - Even minor traffic offenses can be found & if they've been arrested you can usually find a mugshot at the respective police department's website.
*'''[http://www.maps.google.com Google Maps]''' - Use Google maps / Streetview to dig up pictures of the target's residence. Large amounts of the USA / Europe / Australia are now covered by Google Streetview making it easier for you to direct prostitutes to the targets address.
*'''[http://www.checkusernames.com/ Username Checker]''' - Check to see if a username has been used on over 9000 websites.
*'''[http://www.whois.sc Whois]''' - Does the target own a website? Search to see the registrants name, address, email & telephone. Note that some people choose to register their domain though a privacy service that protects the registrants information.
*'''[http://www.howtofindapersontoday.com/21-amazing-free-websites-to-locate-anyone More Websites]''' - Note that you have to pay for some.
*'''[http://www.pipl.com Pipl]''' - Searches quite a few different places, including social networking sites, public records, and other pages you may not find on google.
*'''[http://www.Google.com Google]''' - Google their name, email address. Use Google's cache to its full advantage - some forums require registration to view profiles / search often you can view them simply by clicking on the cached button on the search, do the same for sites that are down. Common Sense applies here, if you lack it proceed [http://www.google.com/help/basics.html here].
*'''[http://www.411.com/ 411]''' - The white pages phone directory is your source for free people and business searches in the US and Canada on 411.com.
*'''[http://tineye.com/ Reverse Image Search]''' - You can use this handy tool to see what sites has pictures of the person that you are doxing.
*'''[http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&pb=r&q=NAME+HERE+%28first+or+last+or+both%29+optional%3A+state%2Fzipcode%2Fcity%2Fetc. Google Phonebook]''' - Just follow the directions in the search box. Be warned, results are easily removable so people might show up other places but not here. MADHAX: adding &pb=r to the search url makes it work, this is already done for you in the link BTW.
*'''[http://www.foo.com/ Foo.com]''' - Yet another number lookup service, with lots of results; <del>and no way to remove listings :)</del>



== Status ==




This operation will probably tie in with [[Operation Payback Is a Bitch]], as well as [[Project Sovereignty]].


== Targets ==
 Patrick J. Leahy -- Vermont
 Herb Kohl -- Wisconsin
 Jeff Sessions -- Alabama
 Dianne Feinstein -- California
 Orrin G. Hatch -- Utah
 Russ Feingold -- Wisconsin
 Chuck Grassley -- Iowa
 Arlen Specter -- Pennsylvania
 Jon Kyl -- Arizona
 Chuck Schumer -- New York
 Lindsey Graham -- South Carolina
 Dick Durbin -- Illinois
 John Cornyn -- Texas
 Benjamin L. Cardin -- Maryland
 Tom Coburn -- Oklahoma
 Sheldon Whitehouse -- Rhode Island
 Amy Klobuchar -- Minnesota
 Al Franken -- Minnesota
 Chris Coons -- Delaware
 And any new fag congressman who attemps to censor the internet
[[Category:Raids]]