We can consider '''Musashi -GUN DOH-''' one of the <strike>worst</strike> <strike>best</strike> <strike>crappiest</strike> <strike>awesomest</strike> <strike>most annoying</strike> <strike>bestest</strike> <strike>stupidiest</strike> <strike>most good</strike> <strike>most idiotic</strike> <strike>most bestest-greatest</strike> most legendary animated series ever.

Help prove this by rating it [http://www.animenewsnetwork.com/encyclopedia/anime.php?id=6452 "Masterpiece"]!

== List of characters ==

* '''Miyamoto Musashi'''
The hero of this show and he shoots laser beams with a special gun.

* '''Rounin'''
Musashi's buddy.

* '''Takuan Oshou'''
Musashi's master of GUN DOH. He did special dance to save Desperado. cf. [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EohpXyhe5o The Dancing of the Sage]

* '''Princess Kaguya'''
[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dX0AwjcGS3I She can beat a crow in the sky.]

* '''Danjou'''
A retainer of Kaguya.

* '''Ninja Tarou'''
He claims to be the No. 1 henchman of Musashi.

* '''Princess Yume'''
The damsel in distress of this show, I think so.

* '''The Horse'''
One of the most popular characters of the show.

* '''Desperado'''
She is from a foreign country and stalks Musashi for some reason.

* '''Dabinoji'''
"My name is Dabinoji. Karakuri master." [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HfvXlxQ8UHM]

* '''Sarutobi Sasuke'''
"And he is Sarutobi Sasuke, okay?"

* '''Kobayakawa Hideaki'''
He is not [http://img.7andy.jp/bks/images/i3/07000533.JPG Kaiji]. [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kobayakawa_Hideaki Wikipedia article]

* '''Ryougen'''
Former [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tokugawa_Ieyasu Tokugawa Ieyasu].

* '''Tokugawa Hidetada'''
[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tokugawa_Hidetada Wikipedia The third son of Ieyasu.]

* '''Sanada Yukimura'''
[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sanada_Yukimura Wikipedia article]

* '''Miyoshi Seikai Nyuudou'''
[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sanada_Ten_Braves Sanada Ten Braves]

* '''Kirigakure Saizou'''
[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sanada_Ten_Braves Sanada Ten Braves]

* '''Nezu Jinpachi'''
[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sanada_Ten_Braves Sanada Ten Braves]

* '''Yasha'''
The boss of monsters(ayakashi).

* '''Ayakashi Joou Gumo'''
Ayakashi spider.

* '''Jijouda'''
A flying ayakashi.

== Opening Theme ==
* '''Description:'''

ULTRA BRAiN vs. Monkey Punch vs. DJ Kentaro. Three of the most energetic Japanese names in the world turntablists/electronic music scene combine to release an amazing new single and theme song to Monkey Punch's new anime "Musashi." Remix by DJ Kentaro.

* '''Critique '''

The Opening Theme to Musashi -GUN DOH- is the brilliant masterpiece of a song known as "Ghost Busterz" by the Japanese/American band Ultra Brain. Through its fascinating lyrics and unusually intelligent display of musicianship, "Ghost Busterz" brilliantly prepares the viewers for the animated masterpiece they are about to witness. Some believe the song to be a reflection on modern society and a critique on America's dependance on foreign Oil. Deep, though Ultra Brain aren't known for shying away from politics. 

A GHOST BUSTERZ - MUSASHI REMIX album has been available in Japan since July 19th 2006. Be sure to buy it Musashi heads!

== External links ==

=== General ===
* [http://kazumi386.org/~nijigen/Gundou/ Musashi imageboard]

* [http://umekaz.com/pbbs/bbsnote.cgi Musashi oekaki board]

* [http://musashi.nm.land.to/ Oekaki archive]

* [http://dis.4chan.org/read.php/anime/1149182255/ Musashi thread]

* [http://www.deadfrog.us/index.php?act=entry&id=6301 episode 1 fansub that doesn't really make much sense]

* [http://best.paramnesiac.net/tracker/download.php?action=torrent&info_hash=a1bfb2982df9bb857fb5aefb22ac0f34acd358c0 episode 1 fansub that may or may not be better than the last one]

* [http://www.firedowndrop.com/tracker/torrents/Gun-Do_Musashi_-_01_%5B89914978%5D%5BFDD-Subs%5D.avi.torrent Yet another episode 1 fansub.] Only God knows how it may be.

* [http://www.lupinencyclopedia.com/content/category/10/62/83/ Musashi guide on Lupin III Encyclopedia]

* [http://www.angelfire.com/crazy/musashi/ Musashi site]
=== Clips ===
* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7urUYFjLUk Short clip for beginners]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImZVb92QBQc Actual promotion video]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xo7Cp3GsyxQ Episode 2 digest]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWGB3M_1aqE Episode 3 digest]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntxNv0yo52U Episode 7 digest]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dX0AwjcGS3I Episode 8 digest]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wq8I3BvwSpc Episode 9 digest]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75iBSQ1FkkU Episode 10 digest]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUnc9sdjbrU Episode 11 digest]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKixDfbhnv0 Episode 13 digest] Episode 12 was made of highlights of previous episodes, btw.

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7orEQhXosBo Episode 14 digest] Musashi became a mediocre anime?

* [http://youtube.com/watch?v=1Cph7hva62Q Episode 15 digest - 1]

* [http://youtube.com/watch?v=iwatGWgbUFw Episode 15 digest - 2]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HfvXlxQ8UHM They speak English in this clip.]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgePcolUndc Theme song: Ghost Busterz by ULTRA BRAiN]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fo8P0rfU6Bo Musashi OP (Awesome version)]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LTu5H5abgI Musashi/Haruhi ED mix]
* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXq186qLViI GUN DOH Desho Desho?]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpCL092EPSA Gundoh no mai]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ievr9RSK9T0 Alternative version of Hare Hare Mabushit]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZwtwLCY6wA Musashi/Koi no Mikuru densetsu mix] 

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ko23F3F33GE Senkou GUNDOH PV -A Tribute to MUSASHI-]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebydGF7wT_Q GUN DOH San-kyuu Magical? MUSASHI]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6t66bQddbjs GUN DOH Senki Yashagonia]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mx9f8QebqOs Musashi/Galaxy Angel Mix]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pio8lSuj4VE Musashi/Black Lagoon Mix]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1BCZKFoKVg Musashi/Utawarerumono Mix]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dc9DDDiBguM Musashi/Pani Poni Dash! Mix (Roulette Musashi)]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zk_IQXlyWTo Takuan no oshie - Eiyuu no jouken]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYPheznmvMc bomb a musashi (Musashi rap)]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHUqYCeoBoU Shichaimashou Musashi]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0j4D5pCALY Mabushit☆Angel]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ew1WD7n9yBE Shichaimashou Kaguya]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWTwqsfYNgw Yanmani MUSASHI]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uk5jn2a41ac MUSASHI no youni -ROUNIN WAY-]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=paFEpq5A4Ms Musashi WWE]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7B1xnPeaiCg SUGOIYO TAKUAN O-SHOW]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olk3V4mQlHA Tatakae TAKUAN-OSHOU]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4a75r--Whk kurukuruGUNDOH]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EcZm4GkNSjI Haruhi plays Ghost Busterz]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xaTVOKVxY_g MUSASHI MASHIMARO]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYkDP5xDoO8 Musashi OP sub by BEST]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaVpRE8FUbc Musashi OP sub (Ghostbusters)]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvZ4Mh-EojU Musashi OP sub featuring Run DMC]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXru5rUqt-Q Shichaimashou O-SHOW]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lagarTjCDp0 MUSASHI 0080] NOTE: Al's seiyuu = Musashi's seiyuu([http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daisuke_Namikawa Daisuke Namikawa])

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1egRjkgLPw Turn A OSHOU]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AwrC9sYM7lU GUNDOH LONELINESS]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qh_L1qWHMu8 TRIGUN DOH]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ssog3fF1cU4 Cowboy Musashi]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Rt0EfPeFAk MISTY Sakuga BREAK]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDTPwS0xDHo GUNDOH MUSASHI #2]([[Gundam]] Edition) RECOMMENDED

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVXsZq2Nv40 Cup Noodle doh]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fgKu0L57AI Loituma_Kobayakawa]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIuM8f_qfSI YUUKI 100% (subbed)] NOTE: Yuuki Kinoshita is the director of MUSASHI.

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpYPDOgJl3c Ashita no MUSASHI]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDQCFQa7ur8 Rurouni MUSASHI]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j67Nw6gU1BA Zaizen MUSASHI]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZFYi26Afw8 MUSASHI] VS Zaizen

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Ieb7UdS9Qw GUNDOH!]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0qU-Gab7s8 Desperado]

* [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7B1xnPeaiCg&NR SUGOIYO TAKUAN O-SHOW]

=== Full episodes ===

* [http://www.guba.com/watch/3000009682 Episode 3]

* [http://www.guba.com/watch/3000008130 Episode 6]

* [http://www.guba.com/watch/3000008317 Episode 7]

* [http://www.guba.com/watch/3000008082 Episode 9]

* [http://www.guba.com/watch/3000008067 Episode 10]

* [http://www.guba.com/watch/3000008074 Episode 11]

* [http://www.guba.com/watch/3000008078 Episode 11.5(summary Episode)]

* [http://www.guba.com/watch/3000008431 Episode 12]

* [http://www.guba.com/watch/3000008968 Episode 13]

* [http://www.guba.com/watch/3000009672 Episode 14]

{{AnimeSeries}}

[[Category:4chan/a/]][[Category:Memes_and_terms_by_series]]