=== Pedophilia ===

well, this is aquward, but i have 2 admit some thing. some times i find my self attcarted to young children, not rrealy young, but i like 10 year olds and stuff. i dont know what to do, but i cant stop. every time i see a young girl i become so erroused i cant help me self. i dont think that makes me a bad person it is just who i am and i am not afraid 2 say it <br />

there's no nice way to say this... but i think i have to try anyway. see, last weekend i met this sweet girl on the bus. she was just so fucking cute and sweet, it was all I could do to ask her out to eat, even though i had some other stuff i was supposed to do. so i took her to a nice diner, and we had lunch together. she's just so adorable, and she's smart, too! she told me about how she learned in school about why the sky is blue, and other strange things they didn't teach me. and when she tried to do the maze that came with her kids meal, she was just so cuuuute omg that i just HAD to give her a big sloppy kiss. it was just such an awakening for mi can't believe it took all of little lucy's charm to help me realize i can only truly love a child, and no one else. only children can give me the pure love i need. and she's so tight when she's bouncing on my cock. kids are the best fucks ever, you guys out there looking for nice girlfriends should hang outside a middle school and pick up the hot ones. lucy tuns 9 next month, wish her the best! <br />

Children need sex. They require release like you do but are denied it with a partner who can teach them and guide them through it lovingly. Many young children masturbate for relief-and what does mom and dad do when they find out? Why, they slap the kids hands and tell them to stop or they will go blind! Once again, this only leads to oppressive, damaging GUILT. By age 11, I was a compulsive masturbator &amp; collected hard-core pornographic magazines like HUSTLER! I was VERY sexual and I was asking for it on a regular basis (and never seemed to get it!) and yet society would have believed I was as innocent as can be. This harmed me. If I had only known a pedophile then, I would have been much happier in my childhood! But then again, if I had decided to have sex with a pedophile adult, they would have been imprisoned and I would have been in therapy for brainwashing to accept my "abuse". But my childhood had a happy ending-fate soon blessed me at 11 and a half with a woman pedophile who sexually educated me! Other kids are more like I was than you maybe would like to admit. Perhaps you were something like this in your own youth and due to guilt you wish not to admit this side of yourself existed. Think back and be honest with yourself-it is ok to be sexual and you are not alone or wrong! Stop feeling guilty about a natural bodily function and do not infect our kids!