The rant was included in the first episode of [[Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei]].

== Original Copypasta ==
 Anyways, >>1, please listen to me. That it's really related to this thread.
 I went to Yoshinoya a while ago; you know, Yoshinoya?
 Well anyways there was an insane number of people there, and I couldn't get in.
 Then, I looked at the banner hanging from the ceiling, and it had "150 yen off" written on it.
 Oh, the stupidity. Those idiots.
 You, don't come to Yoshinoya just because it's 150 yen off, fool.
 It's only 150 yen, 1-5-0 YEN for crying out loud.
 There're even entire families here. Family of 4, all out for some Yoshinoya, huh? How fucking nice.
 "Alright, daddy's gonna order the extra-large." God I can't bear to watch.
 You people, I'll give you 150 yen if you get out of those seats.
 Yosinoya should be a bloody place.
 That tense atmosphere, where two guys on opposite sides of the U-shaped table can start a fight at any time, the stab-or-be-stabbed 
 mentality, that's what's great about this place.
 Women and children should screw off and stay home.
 Anyways, I was about to start eating, and then the bastard beside me goes "extra-large, with extra sauce."
 Who in the world orders extra sauce nowadays, you moron?
 I want to ask him, "do you REALLY want to eat it with extra sauce?"
 I want to interrogate him. I want to interrogate him for roughly an hour.
 Are you sure you don't just want to try saying "extra sauce"?
 Coming from a Yoshinoya veteran such as myself, the latest trend among us vets is this, extra green onion.
 That's right, extra green onion. This is the vet's way of eating.
 Extra green onion means more green onion than sauce. But on the other hand the price is a tad higher. This is the key.
 And then, it's delicious. This is unbeatable.
 However, if you order this then there is danger that you'll be marked by the employees from next time on; it's a double-edged sword.
 I can't recommend it to amateurs.
 What this all really means, though, is that you, >>1, should just stick with today's special.
:: >>1 is replaced with the name or direction of whomever you are talking to. Obviously.


== External Link ==
* [http://4-ch.net/dqn/kareha.pl/1102173036/ Yoshinoya Collection]

[[Category:Copypasta]]