'''OPERATION VOUCHERLAZER (aka) fuck the fuck off!!!'''
Started thanks to '''602'''_ !!ThZylMRCB/6


== I'm 12 years old and what is this? ==

This raid is being led by the valiant anonymous legion in defence of motherland /b/ and it's womb 4chan from the various voucher spammers, who are proliferating the boards with nonsense.

== How to help: ==

* If in Windows download Windows LOIC here:[http://sourceforge.net/projects/loic/files/loic/loic-1.0.3/loic-1.0.3-binary.zip/download http://sourceforge.net/projects/loic/files/loic/loic-1.0.3/loic-1.0.3-binary.zip/download]

* Other platforms download LOIC multi-platform Java version here:[http://sourceforge.net/projects/javaloic/files/JavaLoic_0.1.zip/download http://sourceforge.net/projects/javaloic/files/JavaLoic_0.1.zip/download]

* Unzip and run the program. For the Java version, you may need to "Open With" Java.

* Set IP to a site IP. Enter the IP in your browser to see if it's up. If it's up, LAZER IT.

'''CURRENT TARGET:''' 217.23.7.7 (  [http://voucherbounty.com/ voucherbounty.com]) SLOW GOGOGOGO<br>
74.208.232.92 (  [http://fearmoney.com/ fearmoney.com]) STILL UP<br>
217.23.3.127 (  [http://squarestyle.net/ squarestyle.net]) STILL UP

* Set protocol to TCP, you might get more successful requests with UDP but TCP is harder for the server to handle. Less requests is actually better. 

* '''F I R E '''

== Communicate: ==

* IRC: irc.freenode.net #voucherlazer 
* Tinychat:[http://tinychat.com/lazervoucher http://tinychat.com/lazervoucher]
* Current thread(s)(none)

== Protips: ==

* Set threads to 500, if that works well set it higher. At some point you will DDoS yourself and not be able to access the internet.
* Want to test if it's up? Command prompt/Terminal "ping www.voucherbounty.com" 

== Archives: ==

* Original Google Docs: http://docs.google.com/View?id=dvbdc9b_14fn67wmdk
* Original call to action: http://i48.tinypic.com/kcxf0x.gif