; '''What is a man?'''

: Commonly posted in [[4chan]] [[/b/]] whenever a picture of Dracula appears, especially his SotN character design. The predictable variants (substituting nearly any word for "man", and sometimes also for "secrets") often appear as well. [[/b/]] used to be able to recite the whole dialogue once the first line was posted. Here's the whole thing:

:: Richter - Die, monster. You don't belong in this world!

:: Dracula - It was not by my hand that I am once again given flesh. I was called here by ''humans'' who wished to pay ''me'' tribute.
:: Richter - Tribute? You steal men's souls, and make them your slaves!

:: Dracula - Perhaps the same could be said of all religions.
:: Richter - Your words are as empty as your soul. Mankind ill needs a savior such as you!

:: Dracula - What is a man? A miserable little pile of secrets! But enough talk; have at you!

: And the actual in-game voice acting, at [http://sotnvoice.ytmnd.com/ YTMND].

== External links ==

=== Official ===
* [http://www.konami.jp/gs/game/dracula/ ''Akumajō Dracula'' series] at Konami Tokyo
* [http://www.konami.com/gs/officialsites/castlevania/ ''Castlevania'' series] at Konami USA

=== Fan websites ===
* [http://flashkof.free.fr/castle/castle.htm Castlevania: The Blood Way] Fan-made flash game
* [http://www.classicgaming.com/castlevania/dungeon.html The Castlevania Dungeon]
* [http://disharmony.stalo.com Castlevania: Disharmony] A text-based Castlevania RPG
* [http://www.actiontattoos.com/castlevania/cvsaga.html The Castlevania Saga]
* [http://www.vgmuseum.com/mrp/castle.html Mr. P's Castlevania Realm]


[[Category:Memes & Terms]]