<noinclude>{{Kopipe category|PIG DISGUSTING|I'M A KOREAN! SON OF A BITCH AMERICAN!}}</noinclude>

== AMERICAN ==
<aa>
I'M A KOREAN 
SON OF A BITCH AMERICAN 
AMERICAN IS PIG
DO YOU WANT A HAMBURGER? 
DO YOU WANT A PIZZA? 
AMERICAN IS PIG DISGUSTING 
GEORGE WALKER BUSH IS A MURDERER 
FUCKING U.S.A
</aa>

== AMERICAN 2.0 ==
<aa>
I'M A KOREAN
SON OF A BITCH AMERICAN
AMERICAN IS PIG
DO YOU WANT A HAMBURGER?
DO YOU WANT A PIZZA?
AMERICAN IS PIG DISGUSTING
GEORGE WALKER BUSH IS A MURDERER
FUCKING U.S.A
</aa>

== KOREAN ==
<aa>
I'M A AMERICAN
SON OF A BITCH KOREAN
KOREAN IS PIG
DO YOU WANT KIMCHEE?
DO YOU WANT STARCRAFT?
KOREAN IS PIG DISGUSTING
KIM JONG-IL IS A MURDERER
FUCKING KOREA
</aa>

== KOREAN 2.0 ==
<aa>
I'M AN AMERICAN
SON OF A BITCH KOREAN
KOREAN IS PIG
DO YOU WANT RICE?
DO YOU WANT STARCRAFT?
KOREAN IS PIG DISGUSTING
KIM JONG-IL IS A MURDERER
FUCKING KOREA
</aa>

== GERMAN ==
<aa>
I'M A ISRAELI
SON OF A BITCH GERMAN
GERMAN IS PIG
DO YOU WANT HOLOCAUST?
DO YOU WANT RACIAL PURITY?
GERMAN IS PIG DISGUSTING
ADOLF HITLER IS A MURDERER
FUCKING GERMANY
</aa>

== JEWS ==
<aa>
I'M HITLER
SON OF A BITCH CHURCHILL
STALIN IS PIG
DO YOU WANT TOTAL WAR?
DO YOU WANT TOTAL VICTORY?
JEWS IS PIG DISGUSTING
ROOSEVELT IS A MURDERER
FUCKING ALLIES
</aa>

== WHITEY ==
<aa>
I'M A NIGGER
SON OF A BITCH WHITEY
WHITEY IS PIG
DO YOU WANT A LYNCH?
DO YOU WANT A KLAN RALLY?
WHITEY IS PIG DISGUSTING
HAL TURNER IS A MURDERER
FUCKING HONKEYS
</aa>

== /b/TARD  ==
<aa>
I'M A 4CHAN
SON OF A BITCH /b/TARD
/b/TARD IS PIG
DO YOU WANT A FULL NIGHT'S SLEEP?
DO YOU WANT A WORK IN THE MORNING?
/b/TARD IS PIG DISGUSTING
SNACKS IS A MURDERER
FUCKING /b/
</aa>

== GRAND MOFF TARKIN  ==
<aa>
I'M A JEDI
SON OF A BITCH EMPIRE
PALPATINE IS PIG
DO YOU WANT WHITE PIECE ARMOR?
DO YOU WANT PLANET DESTROYING LASER?
GRAND MOFF TARKIN IS PIG DISGUSTING
DARTH VADER IS A NIGGER
FUCKING EMPIRE
</aa>

== ISRAELI ==
<aa>
I'M A PALESTINIAN
SON OF A BITCH ISRAELI
ISRAELI IS PIG
DO YOU WANT MONEY?
DO YOU WANT MASS MEDIA?
ISRAELI IS PIG DISGUSTING
DALIA ITZIK IS A MURDERER
FUCKING ISRAEL
</aa>

== WHITE BOSS ==
<aa>
I'M A MEXICAN
SON OF A BITCH WHITE MANG
WHITE MANGS ES RICO
DO YOU WANT A MOWED LAWN?
DO YOU WANT A HOLE DIG?
WHITE BOSS ISNT PAYING OVERTIME
INS IS A MURDERER
FUCKING IMIGRATION LAWS
</aa>

== 4CHAN ==
<aa>
I'M A /b/tard
SON OF A BITCH 4CHAN
DO YOU WANT HENTAI?
DO YOU WANT ANIME?
4CHAN IS PIG DISGUSTING
MOOT IS A MURDER
FUCKING 4CHAN
</aa>

== PROTOSS ==
<aa>
I'M A ZERG
SON OF A BITCH PROTOSS
PROTOSS IS PIG
DO YOU WANT CARRIERS?
DO YOU WANT ADITIONAL PYLONS?
PROTOSS IS PIG DISGUSTING
ALDARIS IS A MURDERER
FUCKING PROTOSS
</aa>

== MICROSOFT ==
<aa>
I'M A OPEN SOURCE
SON OF A BITCH COMMERCIAL SOFTWARE
MICROSOFT IS PIG
DO YOU WANT SECURITY ISSUES?
DO YOU WANT BLUE SCREEN?
MICROSOFT IS PIG DISGUSTING
BILL GATES IS A MURDERER
FUCKING MICROSOFT
</aa>

== JAPANESE ==
<aa>
I'M A CHINESE
SON OF A BITCH JAPANESE
JAPANESE IS PIG
DO YOU WANT A NO APOLOGY?
DO YOU WANT A RAPE ATROCITY?
JAPANESE IS PIG DISGUSTING
ABE IS A MURDERER
FUCKING JAPAN
</aa>

== JAPANESE 2.0 ==
<aa>
I'M A AMERICAN
SON OF A BITCH JAPANESE
JAPANESE IS PIG
DO YOU WANT A POCKY?
DO YOU WANT A LOLI?
JAPANESE IS PIG DISGUSTING
SHIGERU MIYAMOTO IS A MURDERER
FUCKING JAPAN
</aa>

== FLAC ==
<aa>
I'M A MP3
SON OF A BITCH FLAC
FLAC IS PIG
DO YOU WANT A LOSSLESS SOUND?
DO YOU WANT A BIG FILE SIZE?
FLAC IS PIG DISGUSTING
XIPH.ORG IS A MURDERER
FUCKING FLAC
</aa>

== TOM CRUISE ==
<aa>
I'M A KATIE HOLMES
SON OF A BITCH TOM CRUISE
TOM CRUISE IS PIG
DO YOU WANT A SCIENTOLOGY?
DO YOU WANT A PLACENTA?
TOM CRUISE IS PIG DISGUSTING
DAYS OF THUNDER IS A MURDERER
FUCKING TOM CRUISE
</aa>

== GAIAFAG ==
<aa>
I'M A 4CHAN
SON OF A BITCH GAIAFAG
GAIAFAG IS PIG
DO YOU WANT A FURRY?
DO YOU WANT A CANCER?
GAIAFAG IS PIG DISGUSTING
NEWBIE IS A MURDERER
FUCKING GAIA
</aa>

== PIRACY ==
<aa>
I'M A EMPLOYEE OF F.A.C.T
SON OF A BITCH PIRACY
PIRACY IS PIG
DO YOU WANT A FILESHARING?
DO YOU WANT A FREE MOVIES?
PIRACY IS PIG DISGUSTING
BITTORRENT IS A MURDERER
FUCKING PIRACY
</aa>

== TROLL ==
<aa>
I'M A GEORGE ZIMMER, FOUNDER AND CEO OF THE MENS WEARHOUSE
SON OF A BITCH TROLL
TROLL IS PIG
DO YOU WANT A LONG WINDED TALE OF DEBAUCHERY?
DO YOU WANT A GUARANTEE?
TROLL IS PIG DISGUSTING
ASHLEE SIMPSON IS A MURDERER
FUCKING TROLL
</aa>

== KEYNES ==
<aa>
I'M A MONETARIST
SON OF A BITCH KEYNES
KEYNES IS PIG
DO YOU WANT A GROWTH IN MONEY SUPPLY?
DO YOU WANT A INFLATION?
KEYNES IS PIG DISGUSTING
ADAM SMITH IS A MURDERER
FUCKING FISCAL POLICY
</aa>

== MACINTOSH ==
<aa>
I'M A PC
SON OF A BITCH MACINTOSH
APPLE IS PIG
DO YOU WANT A AIRPORT?
DO YOU WANT A ADOBE?
MACINTOSH IS PIG DISGUSTING
STEVE JOBS IS A MURDERER
FUCKING APPLE
</aa>

== R@YGOLD ==
<aa>
I'M A FBI
SON OF A BITCH R@YGOLD
R@YGOLD IS PIG
DO YOU WANT A CP?
DO YOU WANT A SALTY MILK?
R@YGOLD IS PIG DISGUSTING
RICHARD STEVE GOLDBERG IS A MURDERER
FUCKING R@YGOLD
</aa>

== 4CHANNER ==
<aa>
I'M A GAIAFAG
SON OF A BITCH 4CHANNER
4CHANNER IS PIG
DO YOU WANT A RACISM?
DO YOU WANT A GORE?
4CHANNER IS PIG DISGUSTING
NEVADA-TAN IS A MURDERER
FUCKING 4CHAN
</aa>

== SOFTWARE ARCHITECTURE ==
<aa>
I'M A CODER
SON OF A BITCH SOFTWARE ARCHITECTURE
SOFTWARE ARCHITECTURE IS PIG
DO YOU WANT A SIEMEN'S FOUR VIEWS?
DO YOU WANT A REQUIREMENT?
SOFTWARE ARCHITECTURE IS PIG DISGUSTING
UML IS A MURDERER
FUCKING SOFTWARE ARCHITECTURE
</aa>

== DSL ==
<aa>
I'M A 56K MODEM
SON OF A BITCH DSL
DSL IS PIG
DO YOU WANT A FAST SPEED?
DO YOU WANT A FAST UPLOAD?
DSL IS PIG DISGUSTING
BELLSOUTH IS A MURDERER
FUCKING DSL
</aa>

== FURRIES ==
<aa>
I'M A ANONYMOUS
SON OF A BITCH FURRIES
FURRIES IS PIG
DO YOU WANT A ANIMAL PENIS?
DO YOU WANT A FURSUIT?
FURRIES IS PIG DISGUSTING
ORCA STACKS IS A MURDERER
FUCKING FURRY
</aa>

== 2CHAN ==
<aa>
MY NAME IS 2CHAN 
SON OF A BITCH 4CHAN 
4CHAN IS PIG 
DO YOU WANT "MEMES" 
DO YOU WANT "DESU" 
4CHAN IS PIG DISGUSTING
MOOT IS A FUCKING MURDERER
FUCKING 4CHAN
</aa>

== DETERMINANT (Linear Algebra) ==
<aa>
MY NAME IS EIGENVECTOR
SON OF A BITCH DETERMINANT
DETERMINANT IS PIG 
DO YOU WANT "MULTILINEARITY" 
DO YOU WANT "SKEW SYMETRIC" 
DETERMINANT IS PIG DISGUSTING
SYMMETRIC GROUP IS A FUCKING MURDERER
FUCKING DETERMINANT
</aa>

== HYBRID AMERICANS  ==
<aa>
I'M GOLGOLMOIS
SON OF A BITCH HYBRID AMERICAN
HYBRID AMERICAN IS PIG
DO YOU WANT OKINAWAN BASES? 
DO YOU WANT  DEMOCRATIZE IS ONLY GOSPEL THE ANGLO-SAXONS? 
HYBRID AMERICAN IS PIG DISGUSTING
RAMSFELD IS A MURDERER
FUCKING HYBRID AMERICAN
</aa>

== SPARKY4 ==
<aa>
I'M SPARKY4
SON OF A BITCH AMERIKKKAN
AMERIKKKAN IS PIG
DO YOU WANT A SKIRT? 
DO YOU WANT PANTSU? 
AMERIKKKAN IS PIG DISGUSTING
LEON KAISER IS A MURDERER
FUCKING U.S.S.A
</aa>