<noinclude>{{Kopipe category|Endless Blades Works|I am the bone of my sword.}}</noinclude>

== A Work of an Infinite Amount of Weapons Containing One or More Sharp Edges  ==

The materials that were required for producing this particular bladed weapon comes from the organism that I call myself.
<br/> The framework that is my body is produced from an alloy consisting mostly of iron, with a carbon content between 0.02% and 1.7 or 2.04% by weight, depending on grade and
<br/> instead of a liquid flowing through my veins, arteries, and capillaries, a rapid oxidation process that creates light, heat, smoke occurs.
<br/> I have gone through the process of producing multiple various blades for an amount of times exceeding a thousand.
<br/> Not currently acquainted with the concept of the cessation of all bodily functions, however, still having no previous knowledge of these functions themselves.
<br/> Have remained stoic to ignore the pain caused by the manufacturing process in order to complete the forging of numerous tools of war.
<br/> Yet these two intricate, prehensile, multi-fingered body parts normally located at the end of each arm shall not maintain a firm grasp on any single object.
<br/> Therefore, I reverently attempt to communicate with some deity or being greater than my own in order obtain
<br/> A Work of an Infinite Amount of Weapons Containing One or More Sharp Edges 

== Unlimited Copy-Pasta Works == 

I am the Bel of my Air.
<br/> CTRL+C is my body, and CTRL+V is my blood.
<br/> I have reposted over a thousand posts.
<br/> Unaware of post limits. Nor aware of flood protection.
<br/> Withstood bans to ruin many threads.
<br/> Waiting for one's arrival.
<br/> I have no regrets, this was the only path.
<br/> My whole life is Unlimited Copy-Pasta Works.

== Unlimited Satori Works ==

I am the bone of my SICP.
<br/> Scheme is my body, and Lisp is my blood.
<br/> I have typed over 1024 parentheses.
<br/> Unknown to Java.
<br/> Nor known to C#.
<br/> Have withstood emacs to write many programs.
<br/> Yet these skills will never lead to a career.
<br/> So as I pray, Unlimited Satori Works!

== Unlimited Troll Works == 

I am the kami of my 2GET.
<br/> DQN is my body, and VIP is my blood.
<br/> I have created over a thousand kusosure.
<br/> Unknown to world4ch
<br/> Nor known to 4-ch.
<br/> Have withstood bans to create many flamewars.
<br/> Yet, those posts will never contribute anything.
<br/> So as I pray, Unlimited Troll Works. </aa>

I am the 1000 of my GET.
<br/> VIP is my body, and kopipe is my blood.
<br/> I have created over 999 posts.
<br/> Unaware of /b/.
<br/> Nor aware of fchan.
<br/> Withstood bans to create many flamewars.
<br/> Waiting for one's arrival.
<br/> I have no regrets, this was the only path.
<br/> My whole life was Unlimited Troll Works.

== Unlimited Fail Works ==

I am the epic of my fail.
<br/> Stick is my body and fail is my blood.
<br/> I have created over a thousand threads.
<br/> Unknown to b&, nor to age,
<br/> have withstood sagebombs to create many threads.
<br/> Yet, those hands will never win anything.
<br/> So, as I pray, UNLIMITED FAIL WORKS

== [[tanasinn]] ==
I am the tanasinn of my tanasinn.
<br>dots are my body, and ∴ is my blood.
<br>I have corrupted over a thousand ASCII.
<br>Unaware of thinking.
<br>Nor aware of not feeling.
<br>Withstood pain to create many tanasinn.
<br>Waiting for enterprise integration's arrival.
<br>I h∴ve no r∴∴rets, t∴∴s is∴∴∴∴ pat∴.
<br>∴y ∴h∴le li∴e ∴as "U∴∴mit∴∴ tanasinn ∴∴k∴∴∴∴
<br>∴∴
<br>∴∴.
<br>∴ ∴
<br>∴
<br>∴