===Light===
All are single-crew craft. Generally obsolete in the modern day, they are still used in planetary militias and mercenary outfits because they are cheaper to build than mecha. In the FAP Navy, they are used because there isn't a large enough budget to upgrade ships with mecha hangars. Many of FAP's best and most common designs are old, without space for mecha.
----
Light Figher (Saber): Small, maneuverable swarmer. Lightly armed and armored, it is cheap and easy to build, for even the most temporary of colonies. Very common in FAP militias, though it only operates in space.
*2x Machine Guns
*1x Jamming Array, light
----
Bomber (Archer): A swarmer-type craft, they are larger and more heavily armed and armored than the Saber. It is also capable of atmospheric flight, and a decent interceptor in a pinch. More common than the Saber.
*1x Machine Gun
*15x Missiles
*1x Drone Spotter
----
Scout Craft (Argus): Long-range stealth craft designed for fleet intelligence. Unarmed, fast, studded with sensors and antennae and jamming mechanisms. Not designed for prolonged missions.
*1x Jamming Array, medium
----
===Heavy===
----
Heavy Fighter (Lancer): One man fighter. Heavily armed and armored, two of these can match one [[CF-06]]. However, it takes at least five to take down a [[GR3-Y Fox]]. Only found in the best FAP mercenary groups or the Navy. Capable of atmospheric flight.
*1x Railgun
*8x Missiles
*2x Machine Guns
----
Heavy Bomber (Assassin): Large attack craft, with a four-crew complement of pilot, bombardier, gunner, tail gunner. Heavily armored and armed with multiple defensive systems. Capable of atmospheric flight.
*15000 lb bomb load
*1x Machine Gun, tail turret
*2x Machine Guns, port and starboard turret
*18x Missiles
----
Assault Shuttle (Firefly):
----
===Drones===
It was primarily thanks to Drones that FAP has not been conquered yet, since they are cheap and easy to manufacture. However, their simple AIs simply do not match up to piloted crafts capabilities, so much of FAP's operations rely on interoperation between Drones, Fighters and FAP's Real Robots. 
----
Light Drone Fighter (Esper): A light drone designed to disrupt enemy formations and relay targeting data to heavier drones. Fragile and easily destroyed. Their advantage lies in being able to pull off maneuvers that living beings cannot match. Armed with a pair of machine guns, designed for anti-fighter use, which deal minor damage to mecha. Developed by MEME Labs, with passive stealth capability.
*2x Machine Guns
----
Medium Drone Fighter (Aeon): A fighter drone capable of destroying mecha. Their advantage lies in being able to pull off maneuvers that living beings cannot match, and combining this ability with turreted machine guns that have a wide range of fire. This allows them to dodge around enemies and attack from nearly any angle, swarming them from all sides so they cannot avoid getting hit. Armed with two machine gun turrets and a six-tube micro-missile launcher. Developed by CUM Industries as their first Drone weapon.
*2x Machine Gun Turrets
*6x Micro-missiles
----
Heavy Drone Fighter (Phantasm): Heaviest drone in the FAP arsenal, capable of destroying mecha with ease. However, it is slower than the Aeon and less maneuverable. Armed with two railguns and six missiles. Developed by MEME Labs, with passive stealth capability.
*2x Railguns
----
Drone Bomber (Spirit): Stealth bomber with a simple AI. Capable of dealing heavy damage to normal warships, they are easy targets for fighters and mecha alike. Their advantage lies in being able to pull off maneuvers that living beings cannot match. Armed only with anti-ship torpedoes. Developed by MEME Labs, with passive stealth capability.
*8x Torpedos
----
Probe (Serenity): Single use probe designed to act as relays for drone instructions, increasing the attack range of drones. More recent carriers have more powerful antennae, making the probe redundant and obsolete. Still used by older carrier ships.
----
{{PENISMecha}}
[[Category:Project E.N.I.S.]]