: ''(None of this is actual canon yet, but mere fleshing out and first draft type stuff, feel free to add on!)''
The '''Federation of Allied Planets''' ('''FAP''') is the standard big happy federation of humans who are opposed by the [[Lion Empire]]. May use several grunt units (a la [[CF-06]]).

The FAP (Federation of Allied Planets) is an alliance of planets and governments that formed before the war to promote trade and armistice through the galaxy. They mostly run Real robots, and are sorely unprepared for the Super Robot blitz that is kicking their asses across the galaxy. Comprised entirely of humans, because they have had little contact with the alien races, mostly UFO-type contacts. 

== Member States ==
* United Planets of Sol
* Jupiter Fleet
* Charon Independency
* Eden Planetary Government
* Belle Terra
* People's Democratic Republic of Le Edenra
* Tigris Planetary Government
* Terranuevo Planetary Government
* Centauran Confederacy
* Stellar Republic of Sirius

== Corporate Union Mechanics ==
An Original Earth Base Industry. Formerly known as Corporate Mechanics but, following the alliance with FAP, was renamed Corporate Union Mechanics after its subsequent consolidation with technological & industrial concerns based on other planets associated with FAP.  One of the most successful mass-produced models from the Earth Branch was the [[CF-06]] series. Unfortunately, due to the Lion invasion and the disruption of the alliance, it was soon reduced to producing low-quality mechs and weaponry.

== Mass Energy, Mobile Entity Laboratories ==
A government-owned and operated research conglomerate. Evolving from an early competitor to CUM, it won key government contracts from various human nations with its advanced drone technologies, and was subsumed by FAP early in its history. Though they began research into mecha long before CUM, they were held back by their focus on drones, primitiveness of the technology, and their continued focus on utilizing the governments small stock of Gar crystals. CUM beat MEME to the punch, and mecha began to replace drones as the primary attack vehicle of FAP. However, with the arrival of the Lion Empire, drones are once more in demand, capable of performing maneuvers and withstanding tensions manned mecha cannot, though they are still inferior to the Lion Empire's mechs and supers.

== Units ==
=== Mecha ===
* [[CF-06]]: The standard grunt unit of the Federation, it has multiple variants and is easy to mass-produce. 
* [[MB-02]]: A high mobility prototype designed to test the viability of flight-capable mecha.

=== Ships ===
* [[Frigates]]
* [[Cruisers]]
* [[Battleships]]
* [[Attack Craft]]

=== Supers ===
* [[Wingschneider]]

[[Category:Project E.N.I.S.]]