The [[4chan]] team put them in place a while back, apparently, just for the hell of it. When submitting a post to [[/b/]], any specific word or phrase (typically meme-related ones that are  heavily overused) may be changed to something else. The mods make wordfilters out of annoyance at overused memes, for the [[lulz]], or both. Examples: "Rei" is changed to "DONATE TO 4CHAN", "[[emo]]" is changed to "bosnian", "Mordor" into "A GAPING VAGINA THE SIZE OF A HALLWAY",  and anything related to "[[furry]]" into "drama". Eventually, a few wordfilters were also instituted outside of /b/, specifically to [[/v/]] and [[/k/]], but were later deactivated. Wordfilters have also themselves developed into memes both on /b/ and elsewhere, some posters have taken to referring to furry as drama, loli as duck, etc. Thus, a good (or at least memorable) wordfilter can survive long after being deactivated.

In March 2007 all wordfilters had been made inactive due to [[moot|moot's]] faggotry, even the PENIS filter, which was quite possibly the most beloved wordfilter of [[/b/]]'s history. Some of the wordfilters were brought back again later.

All known wordfilters were last tested by [[User:NaotoNekoCutie|NaotoNekoCutie]] on 2010-01-17 and the list updated.

== Active Wordfilters ==
=== /b/ ===
''WORDFILTERS HAVE BEEN DISABLED UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE''

== Inactive Wordfilters ==
=== /b/ ===
;penis
:PENIS (displayed in wacky font and background colours)

;vagina
:VAGINA (displayed in wacky font and background colours)

;peanut butter
:niggers

;femanon
:cumdumpster

;penis penis penis penis penis
:PENIS (no background color, rest of post gets removed)

;<nowiki>:votedrelin:</nowiki>
:The code to make the "5" gif appear in a post, if you are a mod. The graphic is a nod to 4chan's secret /5/ board which died.

;buttsex
:BUTTSEX (displayed in wacky font and background colours)

;7
:over 9000

;then
:than

;7chan
:8chan

;b7
:a random letter a-h followed by a random number 1-8

;bring back
:down with

;divide by 0
:divide by n (where n=1-9)

;divided by 0
:divided by n (where n=1-9)

;duck
:egg

;fatget
:'''I AM A HUGE FAGGOT. PLEASE RAPE MY FACE.'''

;ftw, for the win
:sucks

;GNAA
:RIAA

;grinman
:bitchtits (as of midnight feb 21 2007)

;help
:<nowiki>he;lp</nowiki>

;is back
:is back (IN POG FORM)

;moar
:more

;niggers and biscuits
:wiggers and triscuits

;over 9000
:under n (where n<9000)

;rule 34, rule34
:rule (random 10-digit number)

;stickam
:butts

;terrorism
:[[The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya#Viral Marketing|viral marketing]]

;terrorist
:mooninite

;zomg
:zing

;??????????
:http://img34.exs.cx/img34/4597/eng101.png

;<nowiki>:(</nowiki>
:<nowiki>joey bishop</nowiki>

;420chan.org
:FUCK THE POH LEECE

;a
:my

;bus
:sub

;came
:swallowed semen

;cracky
:random words that sounds like cracky

;cute
:a penis

;escape
:developers

;emo
:bosnian

;FBI
:4CHAN PARTY VAN

;fur, furries, furry, anything else fur-related, including "further" to "dramather"
:drama

;gikopoi
:ohno

;gnaa
:paypal (previously "GEORGE BUSH DOESN'T LIKE BLACK PEOPLE")

;harbl
:(´・ω・)つ(・(・Kneading tits (previously "harbor" and "I suck Soviet Russia's cock")

;is a meme
:is fucking stupid

;is not a meme
:is really fucking stupid

;internets, innernets, internetz, innernetz
:interbutt

;jax
:moot

;legendary
:shitty

;loli
:duck and Thomas Jefferson

;meme
:cliche

;moar
:i am a moaron

;moot
:doug

;Mordor
:A HUGE GAPING VAGINA THE SIZE OF A HALLWAY

;noes
:exploitable

;Rei
:DONATE TO 4CHAN (previously "transcendentalism")

;Repost
:WRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYpost and owl

;rage
:rape

;rules
:sucks

;sage
:bus

;Someguy
:DISREGARD THAT I SUCK COCKS

;source
:sauce
:Usually a request for the source of a picture. Often seen in image macros usually featuring hot chili sauce, ketchup, or other savory fluid condiments. Associated with the set phrases "ZOMG SAUCE" or "SAUCE PLZ". "Sauce" has replaced "source" indefinitely on [[4chan]] and the rest of the [[internet]].

;teh
:fuck

;wap
:wee

;wapanese
:[[weeaboo]]

;win
:ｷﾀ━━━━━━(ﾟ∀ﾟ)━━━━━━!!!!! (Japanese equivalent to 'WIN', commonly used on message boards. Popularised through the series 'Densha Otoko' - lit means 'Its come', translated as 'I came')

;yaranaika
:やらないか

;zomg
:zoomj and Zardoz says

;<nowiki>:(</nowiki>
:<nowiki>:)</nowiki>

;<nowiki>:eng:</nowiki>
:<nowiki>:otterpop:</nowiki>

;<nowiki>:eng101:</nowiki>
:<nowiki>:cockbean:</nowiki>

;<nowiki>:suidream:</nowiki>
:<nowiki>:butty: (a reference to a former emoticon, which displayed a picture of Suiseiseki rotating)</nowiki>

;<nowiki>:zdx4875:</nowiki>
:MUTTON TIME

=== /k/ ===
;airsoft
:cowboys and indians

=== /v/ ===
;battletoads
:GIMMICKS ARE DUMB, I SHOULD BE BANNED.

;wapanese
:I am a retard, please tell me to leave 4chan.

== Archived threads ==
* [http://4chanarchive.org/brchive/17448912/wordfilter/ First wordfilter thread]
* [http://4chanarchive.org/brchive/17929793/wordfilter/ Second wordfilter thread]
* [http://4chanarchive.org/brchive/18847076/wordfilter+jan07/ New wordfilters]


[[Category:4chan]][[Category:Memes & Terms]]