VA ccTLD
Based on copy of zone file from 2007-12-30

Many names defined for email only

Note Blackberry reference... Blackberry enabled staff?

$TTL	86400
@	IN	SOA	john.vatican.va. postmaster.vatican.va. (
			2007121301	; Serial
			43200		; Refresh 12 hours
			7200		; Retry    2 hours
			1209600		; Expire  14 days
			7200 )		; Minimum  2 hours
		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
		IN	NS	ns.ripe.net.
		IN	NS	ns.urbe.it.
		IN	NS	dns.nic.it.
		IN	NS	dns2.it.net.
		IN	NS	john.vatican.va.
		IN	NS	seth.namex.it.
		IN	NS	osiris.namex.it.
		IN	NS	michael.vatican.va.
		IN	NS	ext-dns-2.cern.ch.
acdlife		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
acdlife		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
acdlife		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
acdlife		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
acdscience	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
acdscience	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
acdscience	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
acdscience	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
acdscsoc	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
acdscsoc	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
acdscsoc	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
acdscsoc	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
adtempus	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
adtempus	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
adtempus	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
adtempus	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
apostpnt	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
apostpnt	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
apostpnt	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
apostpnt	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
apsa		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
apsa		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
apsa		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
apsa		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
arcsacra	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
arcsacra	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
arcsacra	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
arcsacra	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
asv		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
asv		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
asv		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
asv		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
benedettoxvi	IN	CNAME	www.vatican.va.
benedictumxvi	IN	CNAME	www.vatican.va.
capillasixtina	IN	CNAME	mv.vatican.va.
www.capillasixtina	IN	CNAME	mv.vatican.va.
cappellasistina	IN	CNAME	mv.vatican.va.
www.cappellasistina	IN	CNAME	mv.vatican.va.
caritas		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
caritas		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
caritas		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
caritas		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
www.catholica	IN	A	212.77.4.95
cbishops	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
cbishops	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
cbishops	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
cbishops	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
ccatheduc	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
ccatheduc	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
ccatheduc	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
ccatheduc	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
ccdds		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
ccdds		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
ccdds		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
ccdds		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
cclergy		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
cclergy		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
cclergy		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
cclergy		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
ccscrlife	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
ccscrlife	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
ccscrlife	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
ccscrlife	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
cdf		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
cdf		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
cdf		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
cdf		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
cec		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
cec		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
cec		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
cec		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
celebra		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
celebra		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
celebra		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
celebra		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
cfaith		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
cfaith		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
cfaith		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
cfaith		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
chapellesixtine	IN	CNAME	mv.vatican.va.
www.chapellesixtine	IN	CNAME	mv.vatican.va.
christianunity	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
christianunity	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
christianunity	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
christianunity	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
chrstuni	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
chrstuni	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
chrstuni	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
chrstuni	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
ciam		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
cnewa-pmp	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
cnewa-pmp	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
cnewa-pmp	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
cnewa-pmp	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
com		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
com		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
com		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
com		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
corunum		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
corunum		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
corunum		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
corunum		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
csaints		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
csaints		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
csaints		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
csaints		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
csp		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
csp		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
csp		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
csp		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
cspietro	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
cspietro	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
cspietro	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
cspietro	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
ctv		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
ctv		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
ctv		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
ctv		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
cultr		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
cultr		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
cultr		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
cultr		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
cultura		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
cultura		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
cultura		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
cultura		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
stoq.cultura	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
stoq.cultura	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
stoq.cultura	IN	MX	50 proxy2.vatican.va.
stoq.cultura	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
culturalpatrimony	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
culturalpatrimony	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
culturalpatrimony	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
culturalpatrimony	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
dialup		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
dialup		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
dialup		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
dialup		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
ecclsdei	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
ecclsdei	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
ecclsdei	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
ecclsdei	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
econaffr	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
econaffr	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
econaffr	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
econaffr	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
edu		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
edu		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
edu		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
edu		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
elemos		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
elemos		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
elemos		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
elemos		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
enum		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
enum		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
enum		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
enum		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
episconf	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
episconf	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
episconf	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
episconf	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
eu		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
eu		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
eu		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
eu		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
euchcng		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
euchcng		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
euchcng		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
euchcng		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
evangel		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
evangel		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
evangel		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
evangel		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
www.extranet	IN	A	212.77.0.139
fabricsp	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
fabricsp	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
fabricsp	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
fabricsp	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
family		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
family		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
family		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
family		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
fas		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
fas		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
fas		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
fas		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
fides		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
fides		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
fides		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
fides		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
fondopensioni	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
fondopensioni	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
fondopensioni	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
fondopensioni	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
foundation	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
foundation	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
foundation	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
foundation	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
fsp		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
fsp		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
fsp		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
fsp		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
genaff-segstat	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
genaff-segstat	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
genaff-segstat	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
genaff-segstat	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
giubileo-2000	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
giubileo-2000	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
giubileo-2000	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
giubileo-2000	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
hlthwork	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
hlthwork	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
hlthwork	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
hlthwork	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
int		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
int		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
int		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
int		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
interelg	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
interelg	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
interelg	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
interelg	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
interrel	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
interrel	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
interrel	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
interrel	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
intrptxt	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
intrptxt	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
intrptxt	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
intrptxt	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
jubilee-2000	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
jubilee-2000	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
jubilee-2000	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
jubilee-2000	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
justpeace	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
justpeace	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
justpeace	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
justpeace	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
laity		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
laity		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
laity		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
laity		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
latinamer	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
latinamer	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
latinamer	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
latinamer	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
legtxt		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
legtxt		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
legtxt		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
legtxt		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
lev		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
lev		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
lev		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
lev		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
localhost	IN	A	127.0.0.1
mailservice	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
mailservice	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
mailservice	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
mailservice	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
mailservice	IN	NS	dns2.it.net.
mailservice	IN	NS	john.vatican.va.
mailservice	IN	NS	michael.vatican.va.
mariabambina	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
mariabambina	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
mariabambina	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
mariabambina	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
mhsfao		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
mhsfao		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
mhsfao		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
mhsfao		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
mhstour		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
mhstour		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
mhstour		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
mhstour		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
migrants	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
migrants	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
migrants	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
migrants	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
mlists		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
mlists		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
mlists		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
mlists		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
mlists		IN	NS	dns2.it.net.
mlists		IN	NS	john.vatican.va.
mlists		IN	NS	michael.vatican.va.
av.mlists	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
av.mlists	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
av.mlists	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
av.mlists	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
lists.mlists	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
lists.mlists	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
lists.mlists	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
lists.mlists	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
museum		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
museum		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
museum		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
museum		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
sales.museum	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
sales.museum	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
sales.museum	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
sales.museum	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
musica-sacra	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
musica-sacra	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
musica-sacra	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
musica-sacra	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
net		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
net		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
net		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
net		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
nic		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
nic		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
nic		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
nic		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
noc		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
noc		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
noc		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
noc		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
nuntius		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
nuntius		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
nuntius		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
nuntius		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
nunzio		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
nunzio		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
nunzio		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
nunzio		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
oessh		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
oessh		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
oessh		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
org		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
org		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
org		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
org		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
orientchurch	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
orientchurch	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
orientchurch	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
orientchurch	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
www.cdp.osservatoreromano	IN	A	212.77.4.36
www.osservatoreromano	IN	CNAME	www.vatican.va.
ossrom		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
ossrom		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
ossrom		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
ossrom		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
www.cdp.ossrom	IN	CNAME	www.cdp.osservatoreromano.va.
www.paenitentiaria	IN	CNAME	www.catholica.va.
pasquini	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
pasquini	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
pasquini	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
pasquini	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
www.pasquini	IN	CNAME	powerstream1.vatican.va.
patheologica	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
patheologica	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
patheologica	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
patheologica	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
patrons		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
patrons		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
patrons		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
patrons		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
pcchc		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
pcchc		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
pcchc		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
pcchc		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
pccs		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
pccs		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
pccs		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
pccs		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
www.pcf		IN	CNAME	www.vatican.va.
penitenzieria	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
penitenzieria	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
penitenzieria	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
penitenzieria	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
www.penitenzieria	IN	CNAME	www.catholica.va.
peregrinatio	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
peregrinatio	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
peregrinatio	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
peregrinatio	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
petrus		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
petrus		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
petrus		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
petrus		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
www.photo	IN	A	212.77.4.35
poim		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
poim		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
poim		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
poim		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
pospa		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
pospa		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
pospa		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
pospa		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
ppoomm		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
ppoomm		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
ppoomm		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
ppoomm		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
webmail.ppoomm	IN	CNAME	www.catholica.va.
www.ppoomm	IN	CNAME	www.catholica.va.
pressoffice	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
pressoffice	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
pressoffice	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
pressoffice	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
blackberry.pressoffice	IN	A	80.17.52.98
pressva		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
pressva		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
pressva		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
pressva		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
pressva-vis	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
pressva-vis	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
pressva-vis	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
pressva-vis	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
profide		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
profide		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
profide		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
profide		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
propagandafide	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
propagandafide	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
propagandafide	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
propfidei	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
propfidei	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
propfidei	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
propfidei	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
publish		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
publish		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
publish		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
publish		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
religiosi	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
religiosi	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
religiosi	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
relstat-segstat	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
relstat-segstat	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
relstat-segstat	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
relstat-segstat	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
rotaromana	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
rotaromana	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
rotaromana	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
rotaromana	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
scienstor	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
scienstor	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
scienstor	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
scienstor	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
scv		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
scv		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
scv		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
scv		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
sds		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
sds		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
sds		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
secarch		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
secarch		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
secarch		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
secarch		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
segstat		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
segstat		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
segstat		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
segstat		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
sistinechapel	IN	CNAME	mv.vatican.va.
www.sistinechapel	IN	CNAME	mv.vatican.va.
sixtinischekapelle	IN	CNAME	mv.vatican.va.
www.sixtinischekapelle	IN	CNAME	mv.vatican.va.
sms		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
sms		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
sms		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
sms		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
netbook.sms	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
netbook.sms	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
netbook.sms	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
netbook.sms	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
specola		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
specola		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
specola		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
specola		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
statistica	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
statistica	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
statistica	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
statistica	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
swisscdo	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
swisscdo	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
swisscdo	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
swisscdo	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
swissgrd	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
swissgrd	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
swissgrd	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
swissgrd	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
synod		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
synod		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
synod		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
synod		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
telef		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
telef		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
telef		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
telef		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
www.test23111973	IN	CNAME	seraphin.vatican.va.
teutonico	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
teutonico	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
teutonico	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
teutonico	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
tipografia	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
tipografia	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
tipografia	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
tipografia	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
tribrota	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
tribrota	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
tribrota	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
tribrota	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
tribsgna	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
tribsgna	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
tribsgna	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
tribsgna	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
ulsa		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
ulsa		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
ulsa		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
ulsa		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
vatican		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
vatican		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
vatican		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
vatican		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
vatican		IN	NS	dns2.it.net.
vatican		IN	NS	john.vatican.va.
vatican		IN	NS	michael.vatican.va.
av.vatican	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
av.vatican	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
av.vatican	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
av.vatican	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
john.vatican	IN	A	212.77.0.110
lists.vatican	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
lists.vatican	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
lists.vatican	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
lists.vatican	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
michael.vatican	IN	A	212.77.0.2
powerstream1.vatican	IN	MX	20 powerstream1.vatican.va.
powerstream1.vatican	IN	A	212.77.0.131
seraphin.vatican	IN	A	212.77.1.245
sp.vatican	IN	A	212.77.0.135
vaticanstate	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
vaticanstate	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
vaticanstate	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
vaticanstate	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
www.vaticanstate	IN	A	212.77.4.63
vatilibr	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
vatilibr	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
vatilibr	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
vatilibr	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
vatiradio	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
vatiradio	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
vatiradio	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
vatiradio	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
vatlib		IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
vatlib		IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
vatlib		IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
vatlib		IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
vicariate	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
vicariate	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
vicariate	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
vicariate	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
rome.vicariate	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
rome.vicariate	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
rome.vicariate	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
rome.vicariate	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
vicariato	IN	MX	10 lists.vatican.va.
vicariato	IN	MX	20 paul.vatican.va.
vicariato	IN	MX	50 proxy2.urbe.it.
vicariato	IN	MX	90 john.vatican.va.
www		IN	CNAME	www.vatican.va.