{{nurse-kun|22|24}}
This **chapter** consists of 4 threads, one frome dis.videogames, one from /v/, two from /b/. They are made of pokemans and friend codes.

## /v/ 3752736 Part **23**(a) May 31st, 2007  ##

Posted as Nurse-kun !!hPl7vWPKR+W

### 3752736  ###

Hey, /v/. I have a question, if it isn't too much trouble for you. With pokemon pearl (or diamond, I guess), when one exchanges friend codes, does one give up personal or IP information of some sort? And, more importantly, what are the capacities for communication over wireless and such? Can one send text messages, or things like that, or is it limited to non-personalized battling and trading and such?
See, I'm considering whether it's wise to solicit said codes for wireless play for a certain someone, or...not so much.
Picture not entirely related, but /v/ish.

### 3752762  ###

>  _Grow some fucking balls and stop being such a pussy_

I'll get right on that.

### 3752802  ###

>  _I don't see how. unless there's some way to use the Friend code as a dowsing rod for IP addresses. They don't really have anything to do with one another. If you take a DS or Wii to a different IP, it still uses the same friendcode._
>  _tl;dr: what >>3752743 said_

Yes, but what about the communication issue? Just what can one do to communicate with someone you have a friend code with? I can't check the manual and such, because it's still in the box, which is still in the store, on hold for me.

### 3752864  ###

>  _VOIP_

Can one turn that off?

### 3752933  ###

>  :: _I've seen people on 4chan who have it disabled. I'm not really sure how, but they might just have their volume turned off. In which case... Nintendo Wifi can sense that it's off 'cause it shows a "no megaphone" icon by their name._
>  _yes.. but if you try to connect to someone with it on, you must turn your VOIP on_
>  _if you invite with VOIP off, they must deactivate VOIP to do stuff with you_

Hmm, I see...

### 3752975  ###

>  _I imagine covering the mic with a piece of thick tape might be a low-tech solution as well._
>  _Too bad my wifi's shot to hell and back, or I'd gladly try it out for you._

That's a good idea, actually. I wouldn't have thought of that. Hmm. At this rate, it looks like I may need to do some test driving before I make a decision and hand it, and potentially friend codes people may offer, over to her one way or another...
Thanks.

### 3753024  ###

Okay, another question...if you had the opportunity, would you play some pokeymans with her? I can't really say how she'd 'behave' on it, but she's certainly a lot more tolerable to me than any other kid her age I've spent time with...but I suppose I'm a bit biased.

### 3753065  ###

>  _Are you sure 4chan is the best crowd to introduce a young girl to? We may be awesome at pokemon, but we are really lousy babysitters._

Oh, believe me, I'm well aware. Thus, the basis for all this questioning: How much can I, well, scotchguard the pokeymans to keep 4channers from ruining it all with her?

### 3753076  ###

>  _One arm? I don't get it. Cute drawings though._

Yes, she has one arm, one eye, and she's missing her legs above the knee; a result of which, along with the orphaning due to her parents dying in the crash that inflicted said injuries, she's living in a nursing home, surrounded by old people and professional caregivers, as a ward of the state.
As such, she doesn't really get out much, or get to play or interact with people her own age, which is why I'm considering any of this at all.

### 3753083  ###

>  _HAY IT'S NURSE KUN_
>  _SUP NIG_

Got home from work a little while ago, chillin', getting ready to sleep for a few hours, you?

### 3753096  ###

>  _O vey, you'd better prepare her for 4chanians then. Must liek Mudkip and fuck yeah Seaking._

Well...she was quite handy with the internets, apparently, before the accident, and losing her home/room/own PC/internet access/etc. And with young and intelligent parents, I'm fairly sure, as she's told me herself, that they taught her how to be careful on it. So she isn't an entirely wideeyed Amish kid exposed to the online abyss for the first time.
Still, if it's limited to seeing Seakings named 'Fuck Yeah', that'd be acceptable. It isn't as if she hasn't heard such words before, after all.

### 3753106  ###

>  _find a forum with younger people that perhaps they could actually talk to over VOIP as well as battle._

I don't know of any forums with such people, though I'm trying to think of some. I don't really browse nintendo or pokeymans forums, y'know? Not that there's anything wrong with that...
...even so, I'm not sure how much good it would do, as she has yet to initiate contact with anyone her own age when we've been out and about thus far...not peaceful contact, anyway. She has some issues with 'normal' kids...

>  _Doesn't she have REAL friends to play Pokemans with? That would solve most of the problems right there._
>  _What age is the loli in question, anyway?_

She's seven. Well, eight, in a few months. And no...she doesn't. Not anymore, anyway.

### 3753129  ###

>  _Nurse-kun, I still think it's a bad idea. You just know someone's going to point her to _**_wikichan_**_. And I gather that may not be something you want, what with the 'should i stick it in her pooper /b/?' and stuff..._

That sort of thing would be what I'm worried about...well, not **wikichan**, really, since her only form of internet access is her DS, and she doesn't have the web browser thing I think I saw somewhere once, but problematic mails through trades and such in general, ranging a gamut of various subjects. My best idea is to ask her to let me read them first when she gets one, since she knows how people can behave online, though I'm not sure the game supports that, or such. Been a while since I played one, and not the new version yet.

### 3753132  ###

>  :: _the forums at Serebii.net might be a good choice. If you don't mind her learning the ways of the tourneytard. She can trade, battle, and all that to her heart's content._
>  _<http://www.neoseeker.com/forums/35864/''>_
>  _Donno what they're like though, cos you know how kids can be dodgy... (case in point that boy she beat up)_

Thanks. I'll look into those.

### 3753148  ###

>  _\>\>3753083_
>  _REMEMBERING YOU EXIST AND THEREFORE READING UP ON _**_WIKICHAN_**
>  _I DON'T KNOW HOW MUCH YOU CAN ACTUALLY COMMUNICATE VIA POKEMONS SINCE I DON'T OWN THE GAME, BUT I HERD THAT CHATOT HAS AN ATTACK THAT LETS YOU RECORD YOUR VOICE. THEN AGAIN, I DON'T KNOW IF THAT WORKS ON WI-FI. JUST THROWING IT OUT THERE._
>  _ALROUND, GIVING OUT HER FRIEND CODE TO /b/ IS PROBABLY A BAD IDEA, IF YOU WERE CONSIDERING IT. MY 2 CENTS._

I wasn't just going to give it out up front, no.

### 3753229  ###

>  :: _Sup Nurse-kun, anyway, only VOIP is possible, but how would she get someone's friend code, or give out hers in the first place if all she has is a DS?_
>  _Also, not only does she need to give out her friend code, they need to give you their friend code before any form of battling or trading can be done over wi-fi_

Yes, and as her link to the internets, whether she knows it or not...well, surely you can see where the train of logical conclusion is going?

### 3753289  ###

>  _Good luck then, it's safe. Unless a /b/tard manages to trade friend codes, and decides to spell out a message to ask her to check _**_wikichan_**_ via Pokeman names._

So long as it doesn't have the capability to spell out complex original messages, it's fine. It uses pre-set phrases and buzzwords?

### 3753358  ###

>  _Also, hi Nurse-kun ;_;_

Hi. Cheer up, you guys, it's a beautiful day where I am...and dwelling on the dark won't accomplish anything. I know that, despite my frequent jokes (well, partial jokes) about the toxicity of 4chan, there are probably at least a few people on here that actually care about her. Which is why I'm asking this here, and considering the possibility of trying to find some of those people for friend codes, at all.

People are always saying that I 'restore their faith in humanity' or 'inspire them to do more with their lives' or such, which is hard for me to believe, because I'm just, you know, a guy. But the truth is, a lot of you have given me a new way of looking at Anonymous, as well. Hm, tired, sentimental.

### 3753365  ###

>  :: _with pokemon names, you can put basically whatever you want._
>  _I doubt /b/ is THAT omnipotent_

Yeah, that'd be a bit much, conceiving a 60 character message by naming their pokemon and sending them out in a specific order...

### 3753463  ###

>  _You still gonna go for her pooper?_

Not right now, no. I need to go to bed.

### 3753468  ###

Time for me to get some sleep, /v/. You were quite helpful, thank you. Seeya.

## /b/ 28663290 Part **23**(b) June 2nd, 2007  ##

Posted as Nurse-kun !!hPl7vWPKR+W

### 28663290  ###

Hey, /b/. Okay, so, she was playing her new copy of Pokemon: Pearl for the DS when I saw her again last night. After filling me in on what'd happened in the game since I last saw her, and commenting on how stupid she thought Team Galaxy's haircuts were, she lapsed into a somewhat more depressed mood, then looked down and said, "I'm such a loser. I can't even play with other people when they build a wireless mode into it.".

Which, naturally, made me feel bad for multiple reasons. Bad enough that I told her I could probably find some people that wanted to play with her on the internet, the only problem being that they were strangers, and that I knew she already knew about strangers on the internet (from her pre-accident days of using it under the supervision of her parents). Still...it had me wondering if the rewards may outweigh the risks. What do you think?

### 28663824  ###

>  _its team galactic faggot_
>  _lurk moar_

Well, I'm not the one playing it, I was going off her account, and don't have a perfect memory. What can I say?

### 28663963  ###

>  _If you ID her like this, EVERYTHING you've worked for and built will be destroyed in ONE night. From what I've read about her, DON'T do it._

Well, I haven't done it yet, now have I? Frankly, I'm still not even sure entirely how it works, though /v/ sort of helped me a few days back. You can't do much with just someone else's friend code, right? You need to get them to accept yours as well, right?

### 28664179  ###

>  _By the way, Nurse-kun, she can only battle us if we give you our codes as well, so you can choose who to have her fight._

See, this is helpful. Thanks. I believe there's a way to turn voice chat off as well, right? Which I don't think would be much of a problem for her, since she doesn't tend to like talking to people she doesn't know, anyway...

### 28664364  ###

>  _You can find people on the internet in places other than /b/. It would be completely retarded to post it here._
>  _If you do, don't identify her, just do it in an "ITT friend codes" manner._
>  _BTW, is it possible to do the internet stuff through no$gba?_

That was the plan, if it seemed at all feasible on other fronts. I wasn't planning to ID her as, well, who she is. The big issue is the voice chat, and the sort of messages and text communication one can engage in over wifi.

### 28664489  ###

>  _i'd prolly go out and buy a ds just to play with her and make her happy, though i'm not the normal /b/tard being a father and all.._

...of course, this is the other side of things. I know this may sound foolish, but I believe that at least some of you might actually care for her, and not in a pooper sort of way. Which would seem, to me, to be a better choice than some random punk on a nintendo forum, who couldn't care less. Thus, the confliction...

### 28664634  ###

>  _Nurse-Kun!_
>  _I've been thinking lately, why don't you give nintendo a shout about your story?_
>  _I mean, this girl has regained the use of her hands using one of their products :B_
>  _They'll pretty much gonna be able to sponsor that, maybe even make a one handed DS for her._
>  _It's worth a try._
>  _PS I love you nurse-kun_

Yes, publicity for her is exactly what I'm looking for. Thanks for the thought.
PS Not really, but I love you too.

### 28664748  ###

>  _Nurse-kun, I don't suppose you watched ABC news last night? They had this young woman on there who 1) was Asian 2) was a triple amputee (with one arm left) 3) just graduated med school._
>  _<http://abcnews.go.com/WN/PersonOfWeek/story?id=3237024&page=1>_
>  _Anyway, if amputeechan wants to feel like there's someone out there to relate to, etc._

I saw a news story about her when it was pointed out to me in another thread, in /v/, I believe, yes. Good for her. Still considering whether to show it to her or not.

### 28664966  ###

>  _Nurse-Kun you're awesome, keep it up._
>  _And I want her friend code. I'm a nice person, I swear._
Herein lies another problem. Even if I did find decent people on here, how would I get a friend code to them, but not to all the /b/tardegenerates, as well? I don't really do the IMing thing in general, and in particular not as 'Nurse-kun', for security reasons...

...is it possible for her to contact YOU guys if you give me your codes, instead?

### 28665247  ###

>  _Welp, I'll play._
>  _Lemme get my DS._
>  _Ill post FC in a bit._
>  _What cap? 50? 100?_

Um, well, if this does happen, I'm not going to be seeing her until I go in to work tonight, which is at least eight hours away. Also, she just started playing thursday afternoon, and has only beaten two gyms so far. She isn't quite up there yet. (Well, she may have beaten three by the time I see her, but still)

### 28665299  ###

>  _nurse-kun, I heard you're using:_
>  _!aiGJu3yh2o_
>  _as your tripcode, what's going on, imposter can't be trusted :(_

Uh, you heard wrong? I guess?

### 28665353  ###

>  _Dood, No contact can happen unless BOTH parties have friend codes._
>  _Post her code, anon will enter it and NOTHING AT ALL WILL HAPPEN EVER unless you give amputee-chan our friend codes._

Really? See, I thought it worked that way, but I couldn't be sure...of course, thanks to /b/'s nature, I still can't. Is this how it works?

### 28665483  ###

>  _Nurse-kun, any word on the adoption?_
Since monday? No.

### 28665729  ###

>  _Assuming she's beaten 2-3 gyms, she's atleast 15-20._
>  _Lowest cap I know of is 50. I know 100 brings you up to 100, dunno about 50._
>  _Free Game has too much potential to break out 100 legendaries._

Well, she apparently swept the grass gym with just her star-something bird. It seems she couldn't find any fire types, and 'the penguin sucks', so she gave up and just went in with that one, and, well, pulled it off. I thought it was pretty funny, in a cool sort of way. Then she found the fire pony a half hour or so later.

### 28665870  ###

>  _Comming down to it, for this to even happen, we would need some direct contact with you or her._
>  _Because starting a thread everytime she wants to play will get old and annoying. We won't be on all the time. And as you said, next time you see her is 8 hours away._

Numbers are part of Anonymous' strength, remember? Legion? If I can get a good number of, well, numbers...

### 28666015  ###

>  _Nurse-kun, you are one of the few tripfags I truly respect. So believe me when I say:_
>  _Do not look to /b/ for playmates for ampu-tan. While it is true that some of us (myself included) actually care about her in a non-pooper way, the vast majority would just be assholes to her. And you damn well know that anybody here is gonna let it slip that you've been telling stories about her all this time, even if it's accidental. And of course it will be blown all out of proportion - say goodbye to chances of adoption._
>  _All that you've worked for will be ruined._
>  _Don't do it, Nurse-kun._

If it ever happens, it'll be strictly voice chat off. /v/ told me that the only other way one can actually string letters together is through naming your pokemon and some sort of decorations faggotry, so...it seems possible, at least, to be managed. I mean, I assume nintendo sort of designed it that way on purpose, didn't they?

### 28666087  ###

>  _So this thread is basically:_
>  _"Can one of you helpful, kind anons play a game over the internet with my handicapped child, but only if you are super nice to her, give her lots of pity, sympathy, and maybe even lose to her on purpose so she will feel good about herself?"_

No, I just sort of implied 'Just plz don't be a dick'. Which should go without saying when playing with anyone, but hey, as you've proven, /b/.

### 28666234  ###

>  _Idea. Go to 10minutemail.com and set up a temporary address. Post that and then screen from there and give any worthy anons the code. Also, this is a terrible idea and if you can block all chat features on DS, you should if you do try it._
>  _"HAY THARE CRIPPLE I HERD UR NURSE STUCK IT IN YOUR POOPER"_

I'm looking into the viability of some electrical tape over the mic hole as a backup to turning it off via software control. Would that work?

### 28666431  ###

>  _I let people request Nicknames._
>  _Unless they're going to Japan._
>  _Some Jap guy has a Magikarp/Gyarados called 4chan_

I meant more for battling and such than traded nicknames. I've heard a lot about seakings named 'Fuck Yeah!' for instance. Of course, living in a hospital, then with a lot of older people with diminishing mental faculties, not to mention health care workers, who are as prone to swearing under their breath as anyone, she's heard enough dirty words to bring her up to speed and desensitize her already...

### 28666641  ###

>  _Nurse-kun, 'nother thought I had:_
>  _Remember seeing a message from another amputee saying they didn't like receiving help, as it made them seem out of control and helpless._
>  _I was thinking that getting her a pet, probably something shit like a fish that doesn't require handling or whatever (can be looked after one handed : /) might be good, might prove that her existence is unbelievable important to someone other than you and the whole of /b/ it seems._
>  _maybe fish not allowed in hospital though :(_

Yeah, any pets, even little goldfish equivilants, aren't allowed at the home...there have been a few visits from one of those 'pets for seniors' programs that bring animals by for a visit every now and then, but she's always stayed at the back of the room and refused to participate when it happened...I think 'losing' her kitty when she lost her home after the accident is still too painful to ignore so far.
She hasn't nicknamed even one of her pokeymans as far as I can tell, either. I'm not sure if it's connected, though...

### 28666714  ###

>  _\>\>28666520_
>  _You can't. They have select words. Mail isn't a worry._

Hmm, good to know.

### 28666742  ###

>  _I actually say you have a better chance of finding a decent person on here then anywhere else, but a better chance of the people who want to hurt you hurting a lot more._
Indeed, the 4chan conundrum.

### 28666792  ###

>  _\>\>28666434_
>  _We only would inquire whether certain rod-like items have in the past, present, or possible future ever penetrated within said rectumNamely a PENIS_

I already told you, she's only gotten a little way into the game so far. All she's had to handle so far is an old rod!

### 28667148  ###

For the record. She was using the internet a fair amount before the accident, as makes sense for an intelligent young girl from an intelligent young family of professionals. The parents making up the rest of said family having educated her on the perils of the internets, and how to remain safe from said perils whilst surfing the highway, to mix metaphors. She already knows there are 'bad people' out there, as we (she and I) have in fact discussed, when I told her there was a possibility of getting friends codes from said internets. She isn't a wideeyed retarded naif from Amish country, nor a sheltered mystic named after a precious stone, people, even if she is still a child, and thus not nearly fully aware of precisely what constitutes the 'bad stuff' people can do.Just for the record.

### 28667251  ###

>  _\>\>28666859_
>  _Here's a good screening technique: DONT TELL THEM YOU ONLY WANT THEM TO BATTLE A CRIPPLE WITH FRAIL EMOTIONS FOR WHOM YOU SEEK TO FIND SOMEBODY TO GIVE HER PITY TO HELP HER SHITTY SELF ESTEEM SINCE SHE IS MISSING THREE LIMBS AND HER LIFE TOTALLY SUCKS SAVE FOR THE INVOLVEMENT OF A SUSPICIOUSLY MOTIVATED MALE NURSE._

Yeah, good job on making shit up to bridge 'doesn't have any friends to play with' to 'plz play to her and lose u guys'. At least put some effort into it, man.

### 28667634  ###

>  _\>\>28667148_

Oh, and to follow this up: Since the only computer access available in the facility is for the staff, at workstations and in offices (the policy is not so up to date as to provide internet access to the old people in our place, no siree), her DS is still pretty much her only internets-capable device available to her (possibly to any patient). And she doesn't have that internets program/cartridge/something I've heard about, if it exists at all (I just play the games, yo).

### 28667902  ###

>  _If you really want her to play with people on the Internet:1) It should be girls, because they're less likely to be total assholes.2) You should find them through a normal gaming channel, not through /b/.3) If at all possible, you should screen them first. (I'm not sure how.)_

> >  _quoted for truthSeriously, Nurse-kun, you are smarter than this._

>  _All namefags desire a little attention now and then. Even Nurse-kun._

Look, I don't go to other forums or websites or whatever where I could get some answers and opinions on the intricacies of the game's wifi system, let alone how it relates to her particular situtation. I haven't given out her friend code yet. Geez. Cut me some slack.

### 28668049  ###

>  _\>\>28667251_
>  _Also, as a kind gesture, she have a favorite pokemon we could try and get for her?_

Well, she apparently had a couple of the gardevoir evolution family in the previous generation, and liked them. And thinks this whole 'lol have to catch 'em all (even if only catch sight of) before you can trade between versions' thing is 'stupid'.

### 28668264  ###

>  _\>\>28667148_
>  _Dealing with random anonymous bad people is very different from dealing with Random Anonymous bad people. /b/ is filled with assholes who's only pleasure is to fuck with people. It's one thing for her to deal with a trash-talker or pedophile or whatever; she can probably handle that. But what about when some /b/tard names their Pokemon "Stumpy", "Loser", "Orphan", and "Freak"? How much will that hurt her, not only the insults, but the knowledge that you've been talking to random people about her?_

Yes, yes, I GET IT. Christ.

### 28668571  ###

>  _\>\>28668049_
>  _SO I HERD U LIEK GARDEVOIRS_

Yes, I've known what Gardevoir is for some time now, thanks to /b/. Came up during discussion, when she also said that the Abra-types were 'boring'. I guess mustache magic didn't work so well on her...

### 28668794  ###

>  _Hihi Nurse kun,I've been watching your threads for quite some time, and I've always wanted to talk to you in one.I believe I may have came face to face with you a while back with Amputee-chan, but I promptly was too stunned to say anything.. I mean, there were a few things that were different.. And.. well.. I am pretty sure it was you.. but I've always had a bit of doubt nagging at me.. A few of the differences had to do with amputee chan... But whatever.. I've always reguarded them as being those "Red herrings." You've thrown in..If I wanted to approach you and say hey.. what would be the right way? I mean.. would you freak out? I mean.. :p Blarg.._

Um, well, even if it WAS me, the best way would probably be to behave as you might while being friendly with someone you don't know. Social contract and all that. If you're okay with just going up to someone you don't know and saying hello in a friendly manner, well, more power to you, just be ready for the chance it isn't me, and consider accordingly.

### 28668910  ###

>  _\>\>28668049_
>  _Actually, Its possible to have any pokémon before you "See the 150"._

If anyone Trades her anything it'll work, Its just the GTS where you have to see it first before you can get it.**' I think she was talking about the system for trading between GBA carts and the new games, but, right. She's hesitated at going into GTS and such so far.**

### 28668978  ###

>  _i know teasing could be a problem, but how hard WOULD it be to find her some irl friends? i mean you got to have some neighbors or something with little kids too. at the least you could get a friend code from them or something_

Well, like most people in America, I actually don't know my neighbours very well. Not well enough to just say 'Hey, does your kid play pokeymans? Because I need t-d-don't shoot! I'm leaving!'.

### 28669050  ###

>  _Greetings Nurse-Kun.I won't submit my friend's code though, cause I'm rarely on WiFi (Got Diamond). Maybe in the near future.I need some motherfucking Pearl Pokemans._

She'll need some motherfucking diamond pokemans. Maybe. Seems to be happy with her misdreavus(did I spell that right?) so far.

### 28669094  ###

>  _\>\>28668264_
>  _I wasn't trying to be harsh, just insistent. We're all rooting for you, Nurse-kun. Don't forget that._

I know, sorry. It's just that everyone's acting like I'm throwing her to the lions while drooling all over myself, here. And I'm not. Give me some credit, you know?

### 28669268  ###

>  _I don't suggest it. I think you should really try using another outlet for communication. Using /b/ is just asking for trouble. If you had another outlet, you might have a better chance of decent people._

She isn't interested in communication, she's interested in some pokeyman fights and maybe some trading. And stuff. I'm just trying to think about how easily one can mess with that in a nintendo game, and how to handle that creativity.

### 28669545  ###

>  _\>\>28668794_
>  _Awright, Awright, Awright. >:3But.. I mean.. .... How many guys(Looked to be late twenties) running arround with an adorable loli can there possibly be? @.@BTW.. you reminded me of a slightly stockier subway commercial guy.. I forget his name, but the guy(You, or whoever) reminded me muchly of him, in physical appearance. I mean.... really average._

Hey man, screw you. I don't look anything like that dick! Must've been some other loliherder...

### 28669614  ###

>  _On non-pokymans related news:_
>  _Anything else going on?_
>  _How's your dad?_
>  _Anymore trouble at the nursing home? At your home?_
>  _Were they cool with her sleeping at your house? Any chance of her going again?_

Nothing special.  
Dying.  
Not really. Not really.  
Turned out okay in the end.  
Perhaps, though I'm not going to push it, my place is boring, anyway.  

### 28669677  ###

>  _tl;dr did you fuck her yet?_

No.

### 28669808  ###

>  _\>\>28669236_
>  _i am intrigued. You must talk like you were asking a stranger the time, but then slip in a 'btw, sup b?'depending on response, dont freak out. ask if he is a caretaker or a nurse, maybe give him your phone number or email address, and promptly leave. supposing it is him and he finds you decent enough, you'll get a call or email. in a perfect world, of course._

That, or he'll come to your place and brutally murder you in your home, then use his experience in the ER and the OR to dismember your corpse and dispose of it in an untracable manner!Maybe.

### 28669937  ###

>  _The penguin does not suck. The turtle sucks._

The penguin did seem to suck, from what she showed me. Some 20 power bubble attack, and pound and stuff at level 15? It's no mudkip (which seems to have been her favorite from the previous generation, daughter of /b/ that she is...).

### 28669980  ###

>  _\>\>28669614_
>  _has she gotten healthy again?_
>  _and are you healthy again?_

Well, if by 'healthy', you mean 'not sick with an infection of some sort', then yes.

### 28670373  ###

>  _Holy shit a Nurse-kun thread I am actually here for!_
>  _Bud if I had pokemon (and a DS), I'd sure be up for playing her. Alas, I don't have either, except for an old version of Blue and Red and my old GB color. *sigh* That said, it would probably be unwise to give out her friend code or whatever (forgive me for not knowing how it works, like I said I don't have a DS), too many immature /b/tards in the masses, I'm afraid. You dont want to risk anything, not just for you being found out, but for her own sake. With her sensitive nature and overall _**_damaged_**_ mental state (hope that term doesnt offend you, but i cant really describe it otherwise), you dont want to risk someone saying something to here, text message or otherwise, that would hurt her. I mean, with the idiots in /b/, I'm sure half the people would want to say something along the lines of "SUCK MY COCK BITCH". Don't risk it._


>  _Few questions for you if you have the time pal:_
>  _1. Kind of relating to the thread, but how has Amputan been doing as far as being more open around you and others? I'm sure you two are progressing, but it sure as hell would be sad if she keeps herself closed off from her emotions. From what I have read on the wiki, she even has a hard time looking you in the eyes when she is talking about something emotional. Poor girl._
>  _Question 2: How's she feeling now? Last I checked, she chilled at your place for some R&R. It's nice that they allowed you to do that._
>  _Question 3: Any chance you can post the recipe of the soup? I can go for some right now, if I dont seriously fuck it up with my horrible cooking skills._
>  _Last Question: Any updates on the adoption process? Has she ever mentioned she would want to go to your place again for a while, to get out of the home or whatnot?Epic thread. Best of luck to both you, its real nice you take such good care of her. The girl needs it.*commence "gtfo emofag" posts from the trolls._

1. Still **damaged**. I can only accept it, try to be understanding, and attempt to help with her repairs.
2. She's all better, and back to her chipper, energetic, non-coughing and queasy self. I'm glad it worked out all right on the SW and administration side as well.
3. I'm sorry, I don't have it on me, as it's my mom's recipe and she hasn't taught it to me yet (just my sisters). I'll try and get ahold of it, though.

Still ongoing, no change from my last thread-time. We went on a picnic on wednesday, and I'm considering something for either tomorrow or monday, depending on scheduling, weather, difficulties with my dad, etc. Nothing about my place in particular, other than telling me I should dust more.

### 28670588  ###

>  _\>\>28669677_
>  _also, you could try out the friend codes playing instead of her for a few sessions to check them out before deciding whether or not the people behind the codes are decent or not._

Something I've considered, doing a little 'undercover as loli' work, though I'm not sure how well I'd pull it off, and, well. I don't think I'd pass very well, chief. You don't know what it's like out on those streets, chief! You don't know what they'll do, who they'll cut, who they'll sell, just to get their hands on another fresh loli!! I ain't going out there unprotected!

## /b/ 28671155 Part **23**(c) June 2nd, 2007  ##

What's with /b/ and making my threads suddenly disappear as of late? Is there some new auto-deletion limit I'm unaware of or something?

Ah, well. Hm. If anyone has anything else to say in regards to the previous thread's topic, feel free. Perhaps I should start a thread somewhere else as well, these codes...

### 28671362  ###

>  _Yes, new post limit =(_

What is it? Last time I posted before monday, there wasn't one I was aware of, and before that, it was 500.

### 28671481  ###

>  _New post limit is 100 images / 250 posts._

Ah, thank you. Well, that explains that. And makes the possibility of multiple threads per day in the future more likely, I say with no boasting or anything similar. Unlimited was a bit easier to keep track of...why was it changed?

### 28671518  ###

New thread in the videogames text board, by the way.

### 28671769  ###

>  _You were all being incredible fags, please continue._

Will do. Thanks for the reminder, fag secretary!

### 28671954  ###

>  _Nurse-kun, think the thread ended when it should have, post limit or not.Not much more to add, you asked if releasing her friend code so she could have company outweighed the fact that it could be bad company.answer was a pretty resounding:for every good /b/tard, there's 10 that'll give her abuse.whether it's through mic, chat or the names of the pokemon, there's no stopping them :(_

Yeah, but I'm also a bit bored, and don't have much else to do. So here I am.

### 28672508  ###

>  _MEDICAL QUESTION:wtf do i do about my horrible dandruff?_

Buy a dandruff shampoo, see a dermatologist if it remains horrible after treating it with conventional means. Or buy cream colored shirts.

### 28672563  ###

>  _So nurse-kun. Are you going to get ose tatakae ouendon 2?_

Already got for her, arrived yesterday. She hasn't started playing it yet, though, was a bit busy with other matters.

### 28672597  ###

>  _Seriously, Nurse-kun, get a Wii._

Seriously, not made of money here, people. The underpaid nurse is not a myth.

### 28672619  ###

>  _So, yeah._

Pooper? That's where we poop from?

### 28672830  ###

>  _\>\>28672563_
>  _What other DS games she has. AFAIR she has Cooking Mama... anything else?_

Off hand recollection: EBA, Ouendan 1 and now 2 (still unplayed as of last I saw her), Pokemon DS (duh), Cooking Mama, Mario Kart DS, Phoenix Wright 1 and 2, the Metroid DS games...um...that's all I can think of at the moment? There are others, though.

### 28672899  ###

>  _\>\>28672619_
>  _Nurse-kun, you're so awesome I'm not even going to say "lurk moar" because I know that you know that I know that you know what he meant._

I'll just give you a knowing wink, man. There, I just did it.

### 28673196  ###

>  _Hey Nurse-kun.Occasionally when I masterbate, I get a really bad headache for about 5 minutes. Whats that mean?Also:When I masterbate, I usually get really tired before I finish, near to the point of sleeping, but never able to sleep.Any help?_

It's because you touch yourself.

### 28673296  ###

>  _\>\>28672830_
>  _Wow, her collection is really nify. Has she tried WiFing with Mario Kart or is Pokemans her first adventure into land of NintendoWiFi?_

No wifi with the mario kart as of yet...or as of since the accident, anyway. It's hard to play well with the one fully functional hand; we just play single player cooperatively together, as it is. I think she'd just played face to face with her friends previously.

### 28673661  ###

>  _<http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Friend_codesDO> NOT DOUBT THE WORDS OF WIKI._

Hmm...that's very interesting. So, what I've come to thus far as far as conclusions go: Anyone having her friend code is useless unless she has theirs and adds it to her list or something. I assume one can remove friend codes, and thus access, as well?

### 28673928  ###

>  _\>\>28672830_
> >  _phoenix wright is awesome!_
>  _OBJECTION!!It's awesome 'till you beat it. Then there's almost no point in playing it ever again._

HOLD IT!The game's replay value has no bearing on whether the game is awesome or not, much like movies, film, and books having no replay value does not affect their worth!TAKE THAT!! I think it's fair to say that expecting replay value out of a text adventure/mystery that isn't generated randomly is a faulty assumption to say the least! It is YOU that is in the wrong here! *speedlines*

### 28674143  ###

>  _HOW DOES AMPUTEE SNAKE_

She handles the direction pad and L button, I handle the other buttons and R?

### 28674327  ###

>  _\>\>28674143_
>  _why do you make statements into questions?_

Is that wrong for some reason?

### 28674516  ###

>  _Hypothetical Situation:She comes onto youand wants to sex you.WHAT DO YOU DO!_

RL does not work that way!

### 28674581  ###

>  _\>\>28674327_
>  _yes. horribly wrong.and that one didn't count because it was actually a question. so you failed._

What do you mean?

### 28674710  ###

>  _\>\>28674581_
>  _what do you think he means?_

If I knew that, I wouldn't be asking?

### 28674785  ###

>  _\>\>28674710_
>  _or would you?_

I probably wouldn't?

### 28674901  ###

>  _Dunno if you saw this nurse-kun before the 1st thread got deleted...Question: Does Amputan listen to "The Pillows"? They are a pretty damn good J-rock band. Not to shove the whole Japanese thing down her throat of course, but seriously, very good band. Nothing to hard and heavy, nothing to soft and depressing. Kind uplifting, actually.Have her listen to the "Fool on the Planet" album._

Uh, okay, I'll write that down somewhere? I'll totally look into it?

### 28674916  ###

>  _RAPE YOUR FAKE DAUGHTER_

I don't have a fake daughter?

### 28675056  ###

>  _\>\>28674785_
>  _... That's just a declarative statement with a question mark tacked onto the end!_

I guess it might be? It's a tad ambiguous? I could be more clear?

### 28675191  ###

>  _That boy needs therapy!_

Therapy is fake? Shrinks just want your valuables? It's clear. Hail Xenu!?

### 28675330  ###

>  _Stop it! This is getting silly!_

This isn't silly?

### 28675434  ###

>  _\>\>28675016_
>  _I saved the thread, ill upload it later. a text transcript of nurse-kun's responses have been uploaded as part of _**_chapter_**_ _**_23_**_, but not formated, so it hasn't been added to the _**_damaged_**_ _**_goods_**_ registry yet. I'm going to add similar transcripts for this thread, the /v/ thread, and the dis.videogames thread once I'm done with this one, since they all center around pokemans, and having 4 seperate chapters based on pokemans seems retarded._

Such dedication. I don't think I deserve it. I'm just a dumb nurse.

### 28675696  ###

>  _\>\>28675330_
>  _Nurse-kun saves lolicuz amputees are sexyher pooper, stick it._

The loli is cute.Too cute to take advantage.Already stuck it.

### 28675973  ###

>  _O SHI- Posting in a Nurse-kun thread!Anyway, If you or Amputee-chan has a PS2 or Xbox360 you should get her Guitar Hero one or two. Most of the hard work is with the left hand, only up and down movement with the right._

How precise are they?And how vigorous as well?A sluggish elbow.

### 28676151  ###

>  _Posting inA haiku threadHabeeb it!_

Sadly, my dear friend.You fail at math or haiku.Five, seven, then five.

### 28676243  ###

>  _\>\>28676151_

But don't give up yet! You can always try again.Success lies ahead.

### 28676333  ###

>  _You have to keep quite a fast up and down strum with most of guitar hero and it might be a bit too fast for her to keep up with I would imagine._

Myoelectric. Motors made of wire and steel.They're no substitute.

### 28676496  ###

>  _Why do you ask so many questions?Get her an R4 or M3 or something,it costs the same as about 1 game, by now enough money would have been saved for a Wii.Plus movies and homebrew and whatnot._

Uninformed, am I.The matters of piracy.Elude me. Avast!

### 28676631  ###

>  _\>\>28676496_
>  _Get her an M16 instead. Much more fun._

The jungles of 'Nam.My dad's boyish outlook, gone.P90's her size.

### 28676749  ###

>  :: _\>\>28675663_
> >  _you could probably easily mod a guitar hero controler to mount the strum bar up on the neck behind the fingerboard for left thumb access._
>  _I dunno, that would seem a little too cumbersome. Maybe Nurse-kun should just strum for her._

Nurse-kun's rhythm sucks.He is limited to taps.Directing agents.

### 28676826  ###

>  _English Haikus suck_  
> _They just work in Japanese._  
> _Even this one fails._  

For a purist, true.  
But she is American.  
We rape all cultures.  

### 28676997  ###

>  _\>\>28676749_
>  _You fail at rhythm?Rhythm games are not for you.What games do you like?_

Nurse-kun, musical? No.Tone-deaf would be far too kind.Success through hard work.

### 28677113  ###

>  _\>\>28676496_
>  _It is a "passkey"Put an SD card it inThat has all the games._

I believe you slipped.'In it' would be more correct.Grammatically.

### 28677207  ###

>  _NURSE-KUN! a true hero indeed.just before i go to bed, write me a haiku!thankies /b/uddy! keep on winning at life!_

Neuro was too much.Nurse-kun couldn't take it all.Ran away to 'Home'.

### 28677425  ###

>  _hay guys stop sucking his dick so hard, it's gotta be getting pretty sensitive by now._

Attention for me.Because you touch yourself, boy.At night, undercover.

### 28677520  ###

>  _Yays, I sees a nursey thread! Wish me luck. I'm going to start volunteering at a hospital starting Monday. My second year now. I hope I get to work in the OR again._

Oh, really? That's great!Volunteers are as the sun.For our work's green heart.

### 28677597  ###

>  _\>\>28676151_
>  _Whoops! I DISGRACED THE SACRED ART OF HAIKU!SEPPUKU TIME!_

> >  _\>\>28676826_
> >  _That's not what I meant.They are stupid anyway. Even moreso here._

All things are stupid.There is no meaning at all.Which is why we strive.

### 28677782  ###

>  :: ::: _sage_

> >  _GET OUT, NAMEFAGS_

>  _BAWWWW_

Your tears taste like wine.Aged in your rotten bodies.I delight in them.

### 28677851  ###

>  _\>\>28677597_
>  _Haikus are to slow.You are like 10 posts behindYou better hurry up._

Rome was not built quick.  
Haste makes waste or so they say.  
Cry more, dear shota.  

### 28678081  ###

\>\>28677929**' 

Oops, did you slip up?  
Fail like that is great success!  
Party time, excellent.  

### 28678274  ###

>  _\>\>28677851_
>  _Cry more I will not.My tears do not taste like wine.They are more salty._

And yet, you concede.  
You don't even try to stop me.  
From lapping them up.  

### 28678373  ###

\>\>28678037 

I struggle onward.  
The perpetual failure.  
All I touch, ruined.  

### 28678502  ###

>  _How about freeform?_  
> _fuck this sage its gay_  
> _I sage it for all time_  
> _just like that don't you see that it is fake you ignorant mother fucking gaiafags fuck off_  

I have no biases.  
Freeform is just fine, really.  
Bored, thus, all haiku.  

### 28678621  ###

>  _Posting in Haiku?_  
> _Nurse-kun, you amaze me so._  
> _Here is my attempt._  

Poetry, a gift.  
Mankind's intellect, manifest.  
Words, shaped into song.  

### 28678694  ###

>  _\>\>28675663_
>  _about this, Nurse-kun have you seen that one handed xbox360 control custom made for amputees._

<http://benheck.com/Games/Xbox360/controls/1hand/singlehandcontroller.htm>

Indeed I have, yes.  
Someone pointed me to it.  
A few threads ago.

### 28678813  ###

>  _lol oh my god every time someone says "amputee" i just lose it! funniest thread on /b/ right now; right here._

Amputees are always fun.  
Freakshows and beggers alike.  
Give us a good laugh!  

### 28678876  ###

\>\>28678785 

Don't feel too bad, man.  
It was on topic and nice.  
Thanks anyway, dude.  

### 28679100  ###

>  _Old? Gay?Like Decks?_

Classic This Old House.  
This week: We repaint the deck!  
A pretty rainbow.

### 28679220  ###

Excuse me, good sir.  
You seem to have misplaced this.  
Your 'sage', I believe.

### 28679331  ###

>  _Haikus can get old after a bit.Somtimes I like to switch things up.I guess for the next few posts,I will just posts nonets.Unless they get hard,then I will switchright back tohaikus,k?_

That's okay, really.  
Opportunity rarely strikes.  
So I'm having fun.

### 28679436  ###

\>\>28679220

The taliban gasped.  
Then, he dropped his Soviet gun.  
"Oh god, it is true!"  

### 28679608  ###

>  _nurse-kun, you are a disgusting pedophile, and you will cause unbearable pain (especially in the long term) to this already damaged poor little remnant of a human being. you are sick._

Alone in the world, now.  
Her beloved parents, gone.  
No one seems to care.

### 28679751  ###

Her mother's family.  
Her birth proof.  
The lie they've told.  
The truth, manifest.  

### 28679879  ###

They will not see her.  
Her father's grandmother, dead.  
Breast cancer, Ninety.

### 28679976  ###

And so, the system.  
The final destination.  
For those unwanted.

### 28680083  ###

Who cares? Do you, sir?  
Care enough to do something?  
Words don't wipe tears dry.

### 28680179  ###

I know that I'm flawed.  
I'm not the saint some believe.  
Even so, I'm there.

### 28680341  ###

Until, at least, CRASH!  
THey break down the door and whoosh.  
Oh crap. Party-V@.

### 28680517  ###

>  _POSTING IN A NURSE-KUN THREADIf this were 38,000 years in the future, would you sign Ampu-tan up for the Adeptus Mechanicus? Would she become one with the_

She'd never get laid.  
No, servitors do not count.  
Rouge traders, baby!

### 28680609  ###

>  _Nurse-kun, Nurse-kun!Will you raise Ampu-tan to become like Samus Aran?_

Well, that would be hard.  
I mean, I do lack one thing.  
I'm not a bird, yo.

### 28680736  ###

\>\>28680517 

Clearly, I meant rogue.  
Rouge is something that whores wear.  
She's no pro just yet.  

### 28680820  ###

>  :: _did anybody save the other threads?_
>  _yes. Ill upload rapidshares later..._ (you can find it here [[Story:DamagedGoods#Links --[Sarafan](User:Sarafan) 05:14, 3 June 2007 (BST)]] )

I feel somewhat bad.  
I mean, this is hardly gold.  
So much work for fail.  

### 28680938  ###

>  _\>\>28680609_
>  _But she could get her own baby Metroid ;_;_

But also Ma Brain.  
And shooting giant lasers.  
Is unladylike, dear.  

### 28681075  ###

>  _SAGING THE PEDOPHILIC NURSE KUN(x20...)SAGING THE PEDOPHILIC NURSE KUN_

Fighting the good fight.  
Internet toughguys, Pissing.  
Into yellow seas.  

### 28681296  ###

>  _\>\>28680938_
>  _Unladylike, but awesome._

She's awesome right now.  
Why can't she blast people, here?  
Like Rally Vincent?  

### 28681481  ###

>  _\>\>28680820_
>  _meh, its what the people want. who am i to complain if it gets wikichan more hits?Just dont go starting threads about the consistency of your morning shits or anything like that._

I don't check that.  
I already deal with shit.  
Every night shift.  

### 28681601  ###

>  _yo Nurse-Kun. Sorry if you answered this in the past, I can't remember. Did you ever get your film developed? Just curious._

Look, just forget it.  
The film is a lost cause now.  
Lost in this hovel.  

### 28681764  ###

>  _Nurse-kun, keep tryingand your haiku will improveand become epic_

Appears unlikely.  
Nevertheless, it continues.  
Because I'm bored.  

## dis.vg 1180821777 Part 23 (d) June 2nd, 2007  ##

threads in 4chan BBS tend to stick around for a while. drop by and leave your friend code, maybe you'll get a chance to play against amputan's [pokemans](/pokemans).

* <http://dis.4chan.org/read/games/1180821777/>
{{nurse-kun|22|24}}
