### The End? (troll attempt #1) ###

Nurse-kun made a final story post on New Year's Eve, saying only this about the situation:

>  "[I] Fucking cared. That was my fucking mistake. Those fucking assholes from her mom's side of the family showed up, out of fucking nowhere, as far as I'm aware, anyway, off she goes, never visit her in the hospital, never call or write or even acknowledge her existence, but they can just walk in and hey, sure, here you go, you're obviously totally qualified to take care of her, and fuck it all fucking merry christmas to fucking retarded me."

### Epilogue ###

>  "Hey, /b/. Happy New Year. I woke up a little while ago, and I guess I'm feeling a bit better...or, at least, a bit more coherent. I'm sorry for all that emo bullshit earlier, it's just that...well, it hurt. But I need to think about what's best for her, not what's best for me...that was always the point, after all, wasn't it? I'll try and get in touch with her social worker tomorrow, see if I can get her new contact information, with the explanation that I had a new years card I wanted to give to her (true), and I need somewhere to send it now. When I can do so, I'll try and talk to her uncle and aunt, offer my expertise, such as it is, as one of her former caretakers, and offer any assistance I can give them, whether it's advice, or anything else...it may be hard, leaving the things and people I know, but it's not about me, it's about her.

>  "It's about doing whatever I can to make sure her life got flipped-turned upside down, and I'd like to take a minute, just sit right there, I'll tell you how I became the nurse of a town called Bel-Air. In west Philadelphia born and raised, on the playground was where I spent most of my days. Chillin' out maxin' relaxin' all cool, and all shootin some b-ball outside of the school...when a couple of guys who were up to no good, started makin' trouble in my neighborhood. I got in one lil fight and my mom got scared...She said 'You're movin' with your auntie and uncle in bel Air'. I whistled for a cab and when it came near, the license plate said fresh and it had dice in the mirror. If anything I can say this cab was rare, but I thought 'Nah forget it' - 'Yo homes to Bel Air!'. I pulled up to the house about 7 or 8, and I yelled to the cabbie 'Yo homes, smell ya later'; I looked at my kingdom, I was finally there...to sit on my throne as the Nurse of Bel-Air."

This is of questionable authenticity, but would have been really
fucking sad and epic if it was true. Since Nurse-kun says in Chapter 8 that he hasn't posted since Christmas morning, this is likely a troll as first post consisted of nothing but "Hey, /b/." (No.18232915), subsequent posts lacked Nurse-kun's writing style, and the time required to relinquish a ward of the state (in any state) would have made her case worker aware of ampu-tan's family's intentions well before Christmas. It is also possible that Nurse-kun was drunk while writing this post. This (getting drunk) would be the logical thing to do in such a situation.