=== Now What? ===

If the rest of the manual was tl;dr, at least read this section, you won't be completely cultured but you won't come as a fucking retard either, this section is mostly don'ts. Again, avoid the following like the plague.
Bad Habits

* Scratching your ass/balls/any part of your body in public
* Plucking snot in public
* Fidgeting of any sort
* Yawning during lame conversations
* For smokers: smoking around hordes of nonsmokers, its their air too, granted some of them are douchebags about it.
* Littering
* NOT TIPPING (Unless the service really, really sucked, or you're in Iceland). THIS IS COMING FROM SOMEONE WHO BUSTED HIS ASS WAITING TABLES FOR A WHOLE SUMMER. If you don't tip, we will remember you, [http://web.archive.org/web/20080215005413/http://4chanarchive.org/brchive/dspl_thread.php5?thread_id=32598087#32598955 be prepared to try our special ingredients the next time you come.]
* Being a loudmouth
* Talking loudly on your cellphone in a quiet environment
* Getting involved with others problems, seriously it's annoying to have to deal with "Oh yeah, I've had that happen too! IT SUCKS SOOOOO BAD! LOLOLOLOL!" or anything else coming from some 16 year old girl.
* Bitching a lot. No one, i repeat, NO ONE wants to hear your shit. If your parents divorced, don't be bitch, if thats what they want, thats what they should get. If you suck at life, become an hero, just STFU about it. 

=== Don't let these statements escape your mouth ===

* "G.W.Bush is right", "George Bush is Wrong", "Go Nader", or pretty much anything else involving politics unless you are prepared to back up your statements with reasoned arguments
* "In god I trust" or anything else pertaining to religion. Period.
* Any meme, or references to /b/
* "LOL XD, so I was totally like in the house LOL..."<----For wimmenz
* I'm gonna do something with my life, you know be someone..."<--- For drunks  
