This is really what you need to know. You don't want to be the bartender who has to ask how to make the drink that was ordered. Its embarrassing.

== Popular Drinks ==

=== Sex on the Beach ===

In a cocktail shaker with ice add:

* 1.5 oz. Peach Schnapps
* 1.5 oz. Vodka
* 2 oz. Cranberry Juice
* 2 oz. Orange Juice
* 2 oz. Pineapple Juice 

Shake and strain into a highball glass filled with ice.

=== Jägerbomb ===

* 1/2 can of Red Bull
* 1 shot of Jägermeister 

Pour Red Bull into glass and drop in shot of Jägermeister. Quickly drink the whole thing.

=== Kamikaze ===

In a cocktail shaker with ice add:

* 1 oz. Triple Sec
* 1 oz. Vodka
* 1 oz. Lime Juice 

Also required

* 1 Lime wedge 

Shake and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.

=== Incredible Hulk ===

* 3 parts Hpnotiq
* 2 parts Cognac 

Both drinks should be chilled prior. In a cocktail glass add the Hypnotiq, then the Cognac.

=== Cosmopolitan ===

In a cocktail shaker with ice add:

* 1/2 oz. Lime Cordial
* 1/2 oz. Triple Sec
* 2 oz. Vodka
* 1/2 oz. Cranberry Juice 

Also required

* 1 Lime wedge 

Shake and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.

=== Irish Car Bomb ===

* 1/2 oz. Bailey's Irish Cream
* 1/2 oz. Jameson Irish Whiskey
* 1/2 pint Guinness Stout 

Pour the chilled Guinness into a beer mug to settle. Pour a shot, half Jameson on the bottom, and half Bailey's on the top. Drop the shot into the mug and chug.

=== Long Island Iced Tea ===

In a cocktail shaker with ice add:

* 1 part Gin
* 1 part Rum
* 1 part white Tequila
* 1 part Triple Sec
* 1 part Vodka
* 2 parts Sour Mix
* Fill with Cola 

Also required

* 1 Lemon slice 

Shake and strain into a collins glass with fizz at the top. Garish with lemon.

=== Mojito ===

* 2 oz. Rum
* 1 splash club soda
* 1 splash ginger ale
* 2 Lime wedges
* 2 Mint leaves 

2 oz. Sugar syrup

Mix together lime, mint, and syrup. Add to a shaker with rum. Shake and strain into a highball glass. Fill with soda and ginger ale.

=== Screwdriver ===

* 2 oz. Vodka
* Fill with Orange juice 

Pour into a highball glass with ice.

=== Mimosa ===

* 2 oz. Orange juice
* Fill with Champagne 

Pour orange juice into collins glass with ice. Add champagne.

=== Bloody Mary ===

In a cocktail shaker with ice add:

* 1 shot vodka
* 3 oz. Tomato Juice
* Cinnamon
* 2-3 drops Tabasco
* 1/2 tsp Worcestershire sauce
* A bit of Lemon Juice 

Also required

* 1 Lime slice 

Shake and strain into an old-fashioned glass. Garnish with Lime.

=== Gin Tonic ===

* 2 oz. Gin
* 5 oz. Tonic water, 

Also required

* 1 Lime wedge 

Pour into a highball glass almost full with ice. Garnish with Lime.

=== Blue Hawaiian ===

In an electric blender with 1 cup ice add:

* 1 oz. Light Rum
* 1 oz. Blue Curacao
* 2 oz. Pineapple Juice
* 1 oz. Cream of Coconut 

Also required

* 1 Pineapple slice
* 1 Cherry 

Blend ingredients at high speed. Pour into a highball glass. Decorate with pineapple and cherry.

=== Singapore Sling ===

* 4.0 cl (8 parts) Gin
* 2.0 cl (4 parts) Heering Cherry Liqueur (cherry brandy)
* 0.5 cl (1 part) Cointreau
* 0.5 cl (1 part) DOM Bénédictine
* 1.0 cl (2 parts) Grenadine
* 8.0 cl (16 parts) Pineapple juice
* 3.0 cl (6 parts) Fresh lemon juice
* 1 dash Angostura bitters 

Pour all ingredients into cocktail shaker filled with ice cubes. Shake well. Strain into highball glass.

== Manly Drinks ==

Because you are a man, aren't you?

=== Whiskey Sour ===

In a cocktail strainer with ice add:

* 2 oz. Blended Whiskey
* Juice of 1/2 lemon
* 1/2 tsp powdered sugar 

Also required

* 1 Cherry
* 1/2 Slice Lemon 

Shake together and strain into a whiskey sour glass. Add half slice of lemon and cherry.

=== Mint Julep ===

* 2 1/2 oz. Bourbon
* 4 Fresh Mint Sprigs
* 1 tsp Powdered Sugar
* 2 tsp water 

In a Collins glass, muddle together mint leaves, sugar, and water. Fill with shaved or crushed ice and add bourbon. Top with more ice and garnish with mint sprig. Serve with a straw.
Martini

In a cocktail strainer with ice add:

* 2 1/2 oz. Gin
* 1/2 oz. Dry Vermouth 

Also required

* Olive or Lemon 

Stir well. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with olive or lemon twist.

(PS The 'shaken not stirred' Vodka Martini of James Bond fame makes you look like a complete idiot, don't make it or order it.)

== Prepared Drinks ==

=== Jello Shots ===

* 2 cups Vodka
* 3 packages Jello 

Prepare the Jello as per the instructions (usually one cup of boiling water per package of Jello). Then add 2/3 the amount of vodka as you used water (here 3 cups water so 2 cups vodka). Then place the mixture in the freezer, as vodka requires colder temperatures to set then water.

Sidenote: You can freeze the mixture in plastic shot glasses for individual servings, or just scoop the jello into glasses with a spoon.

=== Jungle Juice ===

The recipe for jungle juice will vary depending on where you look, but it remains more or less the same throughout. The most basic jungle juice should have either:

* Everclear 

Or

* Vodka
* Gin
* Rum 

But it needs:

* Hawaiian Punch or similar fruit punch 

Jungle juice is mixed in an ice chest, garbage can, other large container, or if you want to be classy, a punch bowl. Jungle juice is really a potluck of different alcohols. It is mainly drunk by teens to get "WASTED!!11" All you really need to do to make a decent jungle juice is pour a bunch of different alcohols into the container and add some fruit punch. You can also add fruit to the mixture to get a result similar to sangria, where the fruit absorbs the alcohol, making it even tastier. 