[[/i/]] is, of course, very anti-social and very anti-establishment. Nonetheless, there are a few rules:

#WE [[RAID]] FOR THE [[LULZ]] ALWAYS AND FOREVER (OCCASIONALLY FOR VENGEANCE)
#[[eBaum]]'s did it.
#EBAUMS DID IT!
#We are [[Anonymous]]
#We are a United Leg/i/on.
#We do not Forgive.
#We do not Forget.
#We are not your [[Personal army]].
#United as One, Divided by Zero.
#We are united across all [[Chan]]s
#While the chans have their differences, we will never attack each other.
#[[fchan]] is not a chan.
#You cannot save [[/b/]].
#[[Gore]]floods still help.
#Lulz is a corruption of "LOL"
#LOL stands for Laugh out loud.
#Lulz come in three types: lulz, big lulz, and truly epic lulz. Know the difference.
#Dogs really don't scare us.
#Neither do curtains.
#We cannot raid Google.
#[[Youtube]] is owned by Google, but that does not count.
#There will always be those who fall for [[phishing]], up to 7 times.
#Now it's 8 times, lol.
#Lurk Moar- you found it hard on /b/? Welcome to /i/.
#When a pool has AIDS, we must close it.
#A pool need not be water--forums, [[IRC]] channels, usenets and people have AIDS too.
#Nobody gives a shit about [[Gaia]] or Stickcam.
#Everyone raids [[Habbo]], it doesn’t need a whole thread; there are ALWAYS nigras at the pool.
#Nevar forgive, Nevar forget, Nevar retreat, Nevar surrender!
#Don’t fear the Party Van.
#[[Alex Wuori]] will die.
#[[Hal Turner]] is an attention whore.
#There is related porn of it, and the target must see it.
#If there is not porn of them, /i/ will shoop it.
#goatse is fine too.
#One shock image leads to another.
#Another image leads to Last Measure.
#Backraid if OP proves to be lulzier than his target.
#If a meme is stolen, it must be freed.
#Extremists, Jedis, nutjobs, and politicians are lulzy targets.
#They will never understand that we do it for the lulz; this is only the source of more lulz.
#Use a [[proxy]] condom; type http://anonym.to/ in front of links.
#A [[Tor]] is fine too.
#People who ask how to hack will be pointed [http://anonhelp.on.nimp.org/tutorials?query=relatedterm here]
#Last Measure should be your first measure.
#Imagerape is useless against huge bandwidth.
#Collateral damage is fun.
#Stick with it till it's dead.
#Don't *post* anything too illegal.
#Hiding threads is pointless.
#Targets can always use more [[|Ruin Life Tactics|boxes, pizza and Korans]].
#And escort services and plumbers and taxis and dildos and hotels and spam ad nauseum.
#[[4chan]] provides both legion and failure. Choose wisely.
#There must be a united IRC front. A private network is fine too.
#IRC is more secure and coordinated, but can lead to disorder and drama.
#[[Botnets]] are like AIDS in our favor; spread them.
#Basic raid tools should be available to all anon at all times.
#Anonymous loves cats. However, Anonymous also loves lulz. Cat gore will be used in flooding.
#Anything they say can and will be used against them
#Any of their carefully picked arguments can be easily ignored.
#Everything can be hated.
#Do not argue with their trolls--it means they win.
#WHEN TROLLING, REMEMBER CAP LOCKS IS CRUISE CONTROL FOR COOL!
#Screenshot all wins for the victory thread.