LOLcats are the shitty web 2.0 equivalent of Caturday. They are the prime example of how something of undeniable win, can be torn and twisted into the embodiment of absolute fail. They must be terminated. You will notice that the cat macros across MySpace and on people's iPhones have watermarks from these site. They are purifying our LULZ into LOL, and that's just not ok. 

==Raiding LOLcat sites==
*If the site allows for unchecked image uploading, then upload all the scat, guro, ect you have. 
*If the site has admin approval for all pictures (or no uploading at all) then a full [[DDoS]] attack is needed. 
*You could try the little annoyance things like spamming the owner, <s>but such things rarely award any worthwhile [[lulz]]</s>. If an appropriate target is found, such as Eric Nakagawa (owner of ICHC, a primary target) and delivered to 4chan's /b/, a full Hal Turner style ownage could occur for lulz and our cats. 
==Enemies==
===Primary Targets===
*[http://anonym.to/http://www.lolcats.com/ lolcats.com: Main LOLcats faggot tree that started it all]
*[http://anonym.to/http://icanhascheezburger.com/ icanhascheezburger (ICHC): Worse site that lets users make more, site also pulls in money from all the crappy advertising]
*Eric Nakagawa, owner of ICHC, who makes like over 9000 bucks from that site a month, no kidding. 
*[http://anonym.to/http://www.thelolcats.com/ Another fag site,: but this one allow you to upload images without those verifcation codes.]
===Secondary Targets===
====More lolcats====
Additional lolcat sites. 

*[http://anonym.to/http://www.katurday.com/ Katurday.com, "The ultimate lolcat source"]
*[http://anonym.to/http://funnymemes.com/ funnymemes.com Retarded attempt to steal even more (DEAD)]

====Metasites====
*[http://anonym.to/http://www.myspace.com/lolcats Lolcats MySpace]
*[http://anonym.to/http://www.lolcatbible.com LOLCat Bible Translation Project]
*[http://anonym.to/http://community.livejournal.com/caturday Caturday LJ Community, LJ faggotry as usual.]
*[http://anonym.to/http://speaklolcat.com/ Speak LOLcat]
*[http://anonym.to/http://lolcode.com Lolcode, trying to program in fail catmacro speak]
====Spinoffs====
They just had to go fagging up EVERYTHING
*[http://anonym.to/http://www.lolbots.com/ Lolbots]
*[http://anonym.to/http://loliticians.blogspot.com/ Loliticians]
*[http://anonym.to/http://www.lolgay.com/ Lolgays]
*[http://anonym.to/http://www.lolrats.com lolrats]
*[http://anonym.to/http://lolthulhu.com/ Lolthulu]
*[http://anonym.to/http://lolsecretz.blogspot.com/ lolsecretz]
*[http://anonym.to/http://www.loldjs.com/ Loldjs]

==Our peoples==
[http://www.itsoverninethousand.com/victory-against-lolcats-speech/ Victory against LOLcats speech (preemptive)]

[http://www.encyclopediadramatica.ch/lolcats Encyclopedia Dramatica page]

[http://www.lulzcats.org/ Lulzcats] Supa kawaii shock site, ne? ^_^

[[Category:Needs revised formatting]]
[[Category:Enemies]]
[[Category:Stolen memes]]